event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant"}

event: tool_calls
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_calls": [{"name": "web_search", "args": {}, "id": "call_cf0fk3bmzxup89fw8tk944ah", "type": "tool_call"}], "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": "web_search", "args": "", "id": "call_cf0fk3bmzxup89fw8tk944ah", "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_calls
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_calls": [{"name": "", "args": {}, "id": null, "type": "tool_call"}], "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " {\"", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": "query", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": "\":", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " \"", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": "General", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " benefits", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " of", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " vibe", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " coding", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " for", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " open", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " -", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " source", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " projects", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": ",", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " including", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " improvements", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " in", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " code", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " quality", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": ",", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " development", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " efficiency", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": ",", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " and", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " collaboration", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " among", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " contributors", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": ",", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " case", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " studies", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": ",", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " reports", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": ",", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " and", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " expert", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " opinions", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": "\"}", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6595271d-ca6c-44c8-afb9-b6e39a2a5a0b", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "tool_calls"}

event: tool_call_result
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "ada16f76-a540-43d7-a45c-8bb13f0b8224", "role": "assistant", "content": "[{\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"5 Vibe Coding Best Practices to Implement in Your Workflow\", \"url\": \"https://zencoder.ai/blog/vibe-coding-best-practices\", \"content\": \"Accelerated Development: By automating repetitive tasks and generating code quickly, vibe coding significantly reduces development time. Developers can focus on refining and optimizing the code rather than starting from scratch.\\nEnhanced Accessibility: Non-technical stakeholders can contribute to the development process by providing natural language instructions, fostering greater collaboration between technical and non-technical teams. [...] Vibe coding is a powerful tool that has the potential to transform software development by making it faster, more accessible, and more efficient. However, to fully realize its benefits, developers must adopt best practices that address the unique challenges of this approach.\", \"score\": 0.7880784, \"raw_content\": \"Published Time: 2025-04-02T16:10:41.000Z\\n5 Vibe Coding Best Practices to Implement in Your Workflow\\nWe use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, analyze site traffic, and personalize content. By continuing to use our site, you consent to our use of cookies. For more details, see our Privacy Policy.\\nIf you decline, a single cookie will be used to remember your preference not to be tracked.\\nAcceptDecline\\nLogo-dark   \\nLogo   \\nGet Started Open main menu\\n\\n\\nProduct\\nTechnology\\n\\n\\nRepo Grokking™Deep code insights\\n\\n\\nAgentic PipelineStreamline dev processes\\n\\n\\nProduct\\n\\n\\nAll FeaturesComplete feature set\\n\\n\\nCoding AgentAutonomous AI agent\\n\\n\\nIntegrationsSeamless tool integrations\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nResources\\nMeet us\\nJoin us at leading conferences worldwide\\nDiscover more\\nResource Hub\\n\\n\\nBlogTech insights and news\\n\\n\\nDocumentationQuick guides and docs\\n\\n\\nWebinarsLive interactive webinars\\n\\n\\nEventsUpcoming company events\\n\\n\\nCommunitySlack user community\\n\\n\\nCustomer StoriesReal business case studies\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nPricing\\n\\nEnterprise\\n\\nCompany\\nWe are hiring\\nExplore careers that transform Software Development\\nOpen roles\\nAbout Zencoder\\n\\n\\nAbout usOur company story\\n\\n\\nCareersJoin our team\\n\\n\\nContact usConnect with us\\n\\n\\nNewsroomLatest company news\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nLog in Get Started\\nLogo     Close menu\\nProduct\\nTechnology Repo Grokking™ Agentic Pipeline\\nProduct All Features Coding Agent Integrations\\nResources\\nResource Hub Blog Documentation Webinars Events Community Customer Stories\\nPricing\\nEnterprise\\nCompany\\nAbout Zencoder About us Careers Contact us Newsroom\\nLog in Get Started\\n\\nBlog\\n/\\nIndustry Insights\\n\\n5 Vibe Coding Best Practices to Implement in Your Workflow\\nExplore best vibe coding practices to improve your workflow, boost collaboration, and write more efficient code. Elevate your coding experience today!\\n Federico Trotta Last updated: April 02, 2025\\n\\nIn the world of software development, new methodologies and tools are constantly emerging to improve efficiency, accessibility, and innovation. One such approach that has gained significant traction is vibe coding, an AI-assisted paradigm that leverages natural language processing to transform human instructions into functional code. As developers increasingly adopt this cutting-edge methodology, understanding and implementing best practices becomes essential to ensure code quality, maintain productivity, and maximize the benefits of this transformative approach.\\nThis article explores five key vibe coding best practices that every software engineer should incorporate into their workflow. From crafting clear prompts to embedding security measures, these strategies will help you harness the full potential of vibe coding while avoiding common pitfalls.\\nLet’s dive in!\\nWhat is Vibe Coding?\\nBefore diving into the best practices, it’s important to understand what vibe coding is and why it’s reshaping the software development landscape.\\nVibe coding represents a shift from traditional coding methodologies by integrating AI tools that interpret natural language instructions and generate code accordingly. This approach not only accelerates development but also makes coding more accessible to individuals with limited programming experience.\\nDefinition and Core Concept\\nAt its core, vibe coding relies on AI-powered tools to bridge the gap between human intent and machine execution. Developers provide detailed prompts or specifications in natural language, and the AI translates these into executable code. Unlike traditional coding, which requires a deep understanding of syntax and programming languages, vibe coding allows developers to focus on the \\\"what\\\" rather than the \\\"how.\\\"\\nThis methodology has its roots in advancements in AI and machine learning, particularly in natural language processing (NLP). Tools like GitHub Copilot, Zencoder, and other AI-driven platforms have made it possible to generate code snippets, debug errors, and even create entire applications based on user input.\\nImpact on Modern Software Development\\nVibe coding is revolutionizing software development in several ways:\\n\\nAccelerated Development: By automating repetitive tasks and generating code quickly, vibe coding significantly reduces development time. Developers can focus on refining and optimizing the code rather than starting from scratch.\\nEnhanced Accessibility: Non-technical stakeholders can contribute to the development process by providing natural language instructions, fostering greater collaboration between technical and non-technical teams.\\nRapid Prototyping: Developers can quickly create prototypes and iterate on ideas, enabling faster innovation and experimentation. This is particularly useful in startups and agile environments where speed is critical.\\n\\nFor example, tools like Zencoder allow developers to write comments describing desired functionality, and the AI generates corresponding code. This capability is particularly useful for tasks like creating boilerplate code, automating tests, or implementing standard algorithms.\\nBest Practice #1: Define Clear and Detailed Prompts\\nThe foundation of effective vibe coding lies in the quality of the prompts you provide. Since AI tools rely on natural language input to generate code, ambiguous or incomplete instructions can lead to errors, misinterpretations, and wasted time.\\nWriting Effective Prompts\\nTo ensure accurate code generation, follow these guidelines when crafting prompts:\\n\\nBe Specific: Clearly define the desired functionality, including input parameters, expected outputs, and any constraints. For example, instead of saying, \\\"Create a function to process data,\\\" specify, \\\"Write a Python function that takes a CSV file as input, filters rows where the 'status' column equals 'active,' and returns the filtered data as a list of dictionaries.\\\"\\nUse Context: Provide relevant context, such as the programming language, framework, or libraries to be used. This helps the AI tailor its output to your requirements.\\nBreak Down Complex Tasks: Divide large tasks into smaller, manageable components. For instance, instead of asking for a complete web application, start with individual features like user authentication or database integration.\\n\\nHere’s how easy it is to do so with Zencoder directly into your favouride IDE:\\n\\nBenefits of Clarity\\nClear prompts not only improve the accuracy of AI-generated code but also reduce the time spent on debugging and revisions. By minimizing misinterpretations, you can achieve higher-quality results on the first attempt, ultimately enhancing productivity and efficiency.\\nAdditionally, clear prompts help the AI understand the nuances of your requirements. For example, specifying the desired output format (e.g., JSON, XML, or plain text) ensures that the generated code aligns with your expectations.\\nBest Practice #2: Adopt an incremental and Interative Approach\\nVibe coding is most effective when used in an incremental and iterative manner. Rather than attempting to generate an entire project in one go, break it down into smaller components and refine each step through continuous testing and feedback.\\nBreaking Down Tasks\\nDecomposing complex projects into discrete tasks allows you to focus on one aspect of the code at a time. For example, if you’re building an e-commerce platform, you might start with user registration, then move on to product listing, shopping cart functionality, and payment integration. This approach not only simplifies the development process but also makes it easier to identify and address issues as they arise.\\nBreaking down tasks also allows you to test individual components in isolation, ensuring that each part functions correctly before integrating it into the larger system.\\nInterative Refinement and Testing\\nOnce the AI generates code, test it immediately to ensure it meets your requirements. Use feedback loops to refine the code, either by adjusting the prompt or manually editing the output. For instance, if the AI-generated code for a login feature lacks proper error handling, you can update the prompt to include this requirement and regenerate the code.\\nIterative refinement is particularly important when working with AI-generated code, as it allows you to catch errors early and ensure the final product meets your standards. This approach also helps you build confidence in the AI’s capabilities while maintaining control over the development process.\\nBest Practice #3: Utilize Robust Version Control\\nMaintaining an organized and well-documented codebase is essential when working with AI-generated code. Version control systems like Git provide a structured way to manage changes, collaborate with team members, and track the evolution of your project.\\nBranching Strategies and Regular Commits\\nAdopt best practices for version control, such as:\\n\\nCreating Branches: Use separate branches for different features or tasks to avoid conflicts and maintain a clean main branch.\\nMaking Regular Commits: Commit changes frequently with descriptive messages to document progress and make it easier to identify issues.\\nMerging Carefully: Review and test code thoroughly before merging branches to ensure stability.\\n\\nCode Reviews and Documentation\\nPeer reviews are invaluable for maintaining code quality and catching errors that may have been overlooked. Additionally, thorough documentation helps team members understand the purpose and functionality of the code, facilitating collaboration and long-term maintainability.\\nFor AI-generated code, documentation is especially important, as it provides context for why certain decisions were made and how the code is intended to function.\\nBest Practice #4: Automate Testing and Debugging Processes\\nAutomated testing is a cornerstone of modern software development, and it’s especially important when working with AI-generated code. By implementing automated testing frameworks, you can ensure code reliability and detect errors early in the development cycle.\\nImplementing Continuous Integration/Testing\\nContinuous integration (CI) tools like Jenkins, Travis CI, or GitHub Actions can automate the testing process, running unit tests, integration tests, and other checks whenever new code is added. This ensures that your codebase remains stable and functional as it evolves.\\nStrategies for Debugging AI-Generated Code\\nDebugging AI-generated code can be challenging, as the logic may not always align with human expectations. To address this, consider the following techniques:\\n\\nUse Logging: Add logging statements to track the flow of execution and identify potential issues.\\nVerify Step-by-Step: Break down the code into smaller sections and test each part individually.\\nLeverage AI for Debugging: Some AI tools can assist in identifying and fixing errors, saving time and effort.\\n\\nBest Practice #5: Embed Security and Quality Assurance into Your Workflow\\nSecurity and quality assurance should be integral to your vibe coding workflow. By incorporating these practices from the outset, you can minimize vulnerabilities and ensure the long-term maintainability of your code.\\nIncorporating Security Best Practices\\nWhen using AI tools, explicitly include security requirements in your prompts. For example, if you’re generating code for a web application, specify that it should include input validation, authentication, and protection against common vulnerabilities like SQL injection and cross-site scripting (XSS).\\nAdditionally, use automated security scanning tools to identify potential issues in your codebase. Tools like Snyk, SonarQube, and Dependabot can help detect vulnerabilities and suggest fixes.\\nRegular Audits and Peer Reviews\\nConduct regular code audits to identify areas for improvement and ensure compliance with security standards. Foster a culture of peer review, where team members collaborate to maintain code quality and reduce technical debt.\\nConclusion\\nVibe coding is a powerful tool that has the potential to transform software development by making it faster, more accessible, and more efficient. However, to fully realize its benefits, developers must adopt best practices that address the unique challenges of this approach.\\nAs AI technology continues to advance, vibe coding is likely to become even more sophisticated, enabling developers to tackle increasingly complex projects with ease. Future improvements in AI capabilities, such as better contextual understanding and enhanced debugging tools, will further enhance the potential of vibe coding.\\nBy staying informed about emerging trends and continuously refining your workflow, you can stay ahead of the curve and make the most of this exciting new paradigm in software development.\\nHow Zencoder Can Help\\nZencoder, an advanced AI agent, offers powerful abilities to help developers in their daily work, superpowering your vibe coding habits. By leveraging machine learning algorithms, Zencoder analyzes existing code to identify patterns and suggest optimizations, reducing the risk of errors during the transition.\\nThe tool also provides automated refactoring and dependency management, ensuring that the code is compatible with new frameworks.\\nTry out Zencoder and share your experience by leaving a comment below. Don’t forget to subscribe to Zencoder to stay informed about the latest AI-driven strategies for improving your code governance. Your insights, questions, and feedback can help shape the future of coding practices.\\nContents\\nAbout the author\\n\\nFederico Trotta\\nFederico Trotta is a Technical Writer who specializes in writing technical articles and documenting digital products. His mission is to democratize software by making complex technical concepts accessible and easy to understand through his content.\\nView all articles\\nRelated articles\\n\\nIndustry Insights May 1, 2025\\n### How to Write High-Quality Code? [Developers Guide] Did you know that unhealthy codebases can make task completion 9 times longer than working with high-quality code? Messy or...\\n\\nIndustry Insights May 1, 2025\\n### 11 Best AI Tools for Coding to Try in 2025 [Tested] AI coding tools are becoming must-haves in 2025, helping developers work faster, write cleaner code, and collaborate more...\\n\\nIndustry Insights May 1, 2025\\n### 10 Best AI Code Review Tools for Developers in 2025 Are you tired of spending hours on manual code reviews and still missing critical issues? AI code review tools are rapidly...\\nGet started\\nCode Smarter. Stay in Flow\\nZencoder allows you to regain valuable time so you can focus on what truly matters: creating something exceptional.\\nGet Started\\n  \\nProduct\\n\\nCoding Agent\\nFeatures\\nRepo Grokking\\nIntegrations\\nAgentic Pipeline\\nPricing\\nEnterprise\\n\\nResources\\n\\nBlog\\nWebinars\\nCustomer Stories\\nEvents\\nHelp Center\\nCommunity\\nCompare\\nGlossary\\n\\nCompany\\n\\nAbout\\nCareers\\nNewsroom\\nContact us\\n\\nTerms and policies\\n\\nTerms of service\\nPrivacy policy\\nUsage Policy\\n\\nLinkedIn X Discord YouTube Instagram\\n© 2025 For Good AI Inc. All rights reserved.\\nAccessibility Screen-Reader Guide, Feedback, and Issue Reporting\\nThis website is designed to be accessible to all users, including those using screen readers and other assistive technologies.\"}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"The Rise of Vibe Coding: How AI is Changing Development\", \"url\": \"https://www.index.dev/blog/vibe-coding-ai-development\", \"content\": \"At the end of the day, Vibe Coding is changing how we build software by letting us speak naturally about what we want to create instead of getting lost in implementation details. It's making development faster and opening doors for people who have ideas but couldn't code before. There are still plenty of kinks to work out with code quality and ethical questions, but the trajectory looks promising as AI systems keep getting better.\", \"score\": 0.7742597, \"raw_content\": \"How Vibe Coding is Changing Software Development in 2025\\n\\nRoles\\nServices\\nClientsHow it worksBlog\\nTry Mind\\nSign InFind a JobHire Talent\\nBlog\\nIn this article\\n\\nIntroduction to Vibe Coding\\nWhat Is Vibe Coding?\\nThe Technology Behind Vibe Coding\\nHow It Works in Practice\\nBenefits in 2025 Market Dynamics\\nBest Practices for Adopting Vibe Coding\\nIntegration with Agile and DevOps Methodologies\\nChallenges and Limitations\\nFuture Trends and Predictions\\nGetting Started with Vibe Coding\\nFinal Thoughts\\n\\n\\nStart Hiring Now\\nPallavi PremkumarCopywriter\\nShare\\nFor EmployersMarch 24, 2025\\nThe Rise of Vibe Coding: How AI is Changing Development\\nVibe Coding is reshaping software development in 2025 by making it faster, more accessible, and collaborative, driven by AI advancements.\\nThat feeling when you describe what you want your app to do—and the code just appears. No endless debugging sessions, no syntax errors, just pure development. This isn't some developer's fever dream; it's the reality of Vibe Coding in 2025. Coined by AI researcher Andrej Karpathy earlier this year, Vibe Coding marks a fundamental shift in software development.\\nHire top 5% vetted AI developers in 48 hours. Start your 30-day free trial with Index.dev today.\\nIntroduction to Vibe Coding\\nVibe Coding is a paradigm shift. It emerged from a collective frustration with tedious debugging and repetitive boilerplate code. But the transition hasn’t been seamless. The transition's been messy, gradual, and frankly, it still has plenty of skeptics. While companies like OpenAI and Anthropic developed the core technology, it wasn’t until Karpathy demonstrated its full potential that everything clicked.\\nAs you read on, you will discover why many consider this method a game changer for both outsourcing teams and in-house developers alike.\\nQuick Fact: Recent surveys indicate that nearly 44% of developers had already adopted AI coding tools by 2023, and projects using Vibe Coding can see productivity gains of up to 55% faster completion times.\\nWhat Is Vibe Coding?\\nAt its core, Vibe Coding lets developers focus on the big picture—what they want to build—rather than getting bogged down in syntactical details. Think of it as communicating the essence or 'vibe' of what you want, while AI handles the technical implementation. Rather than coding from scratch, you articulate your requirements in plain language. The AI then processes your instructions to generate, refine, and even debug an entire codebase or modify existing code—all while you monitor and guide the process. It's like the difference between micromanaging every detail versus telling your team what outcome you need and letting them handle the fine-prints.\\nKey Characteristics\\n\\nNatural Language Prompts: You describe what you need using everyday language.\\nAI-Powered Generation: Advanced algorithms convert these descriptions into code.\\nIterative Refinement: The developer-AI relationship becomes conversational, with each refining the other's work. Modern tools understand not just what you're asking for now, but how it relates to your broader project.\\nHuman-AI Collaboration: You remain at the helm, steering the AI’s creative power to build functional MVPs in hours rather than weeks.\\n\\nThis paradigm means that we've moved from fighting with our tools to collaborating with them to dramatically accelerate prototyping and deployment. That's the essence of the shift.\\nFor more insights into how this method is transforming the industry, reputable sources like UX Collective have shared detailed analyses.\\nLearn More: AI Application Development Cost | Key Estimation and Optimization Strategies\\nThe Technology Behind Vibe Coding\\nThe Vibe Coding movement didn't appear overnight. It's built on several technological pillars that have matured simultaneously:\\nAdvanced Language Models\\nThe engine room of Vibe Coding is powered by increasingly sophisticated large language models (LLMs). These aren't just the GPT-3.5 models from a few years back; we're talking about specialized code-generation models trained specifically on programming tasks.\\nTools like GitHub Copilot and Amazon CodeWhisperer laid the groundwork, but today's systems go much further. Modern LLMs understand not just syntax but software architecture patterns, can reason about algorithm complexity, and even anticipate potential security vulnerabilities in their generated code.\\nSpecialized Development Environments\\nRemember trying to use early AI coding tools within traditional IDEs? That awkward integration is gone. Today's environments are built around the Vibe Coding workflow from the ground up.\\nPlatforms like Cursor AI have reimagined the development environment for this new paradigm. Their Composer tool lets developers seamlessly flow between natural language descriptions and code, with AI handling the translation. Voice-to-code interfaces using systems like Superwhisper mean you can literally talk through your solution and watch it materialize.\\nPerhaps the bigger challenge remains integration with existing codebases. Most teams adopt a hybrid approach where critical legacy components remain human-maintained while new features leverage Vibe Coding's strengths.\\nThe Rise of Prompt Engineering\\nBehind every great Vibe Coding implementation stands a skilled prompt engineer. This emerging discipline focuses on crafting effective instructions that guide AI to produce precisely the code you need.\\nThere's real skill here—telling an AI to \\\"make me a website\\\" yields vastly different results than a carefully structured prompt that specifies architecture preferences, design patterns, and edge cases to consider. The best prompt engineers combine deep technical knowledge with an intuitive understanding of how AI models interpret instructions.\\nYou can read more on the different tools and platforms for Vibe Coding here.\\nHow It Works in Practice\\nLet's walk through a typical Vibe Coding workflow:\\n\\nConceptualization: You define what you want to build in natural language, perhaps with sketches or reference materials.\\nAI Generation: The system interprets your description and produces an initial codebase.\\nIterative Refinement: You review the output, provide feedback (\\\"make the authentication more secure\\\" or \\\"optimize this database query\\\"), and the AI refines its solution.\\nTesting & Validation: Automated testing tools verify the code's functionality and performance.\\nHuman Review: Developers examine critical sections, particularly around security or core business logic.\\nDeployment: The validated code moves into production through modern CI/CD pipelines.\\n\\nEach iteration takes minutes, not days. This rapid feedback loop means developers can explore multiple approaches quickly and converge on optimal solutions faster than ever before.\\n\\nThis diagram highlights how each step collaborates to produce reliable software rapidly.\\nThe iterative cycle—prompt generation, code output, debugging, and improvement—is what makes Vibe Coding not only fast but also highly adaptable to agile development practices.\\nBenefits in 2025 Market Dynamics\\nStartups and MVPs\\nFor cash-strapped startups, Vibe Coding has been nothing short of revolutionary. Teams can now build functional MVPs with a fraction of the resources previously required. One YC-backed founder shared that they went from concept to working prototype in three days—a process that would have taken weeks with traditional development.\\nEnterprise Adoption\\nIt's not just startups embracing this approach. Fortune 500 companies are incorporating Vibe Coding into their development processes, though typically alongside more traditional methods. Financial institutions use it for rapid prototyping while maintaining human oversight for critical systems. Healthcare companies leverage it to accelerate development of non-critical applications while maintaining compliance with regulatory requirements.\\nThe pattern is clear: Vibe Coding excels at accelerating development cycles and reducing barriers to entry, while traditional approaches still dominate where absolute reliability and security are paramount.\\nBest Practices for Adopting Vibe Coding\\nTo successfully integrate Vibe Coding into your development process, you should consider these best practices:\\nEstablish Robust Prompt Engineering\\n\\nCraft Clear Prompts: Ensure that every natural language instruction is detailed and precise. This minimizes ambiguity and improves code quality.\\nIterative Feedback: Look at the output critically and push back when needed. The best results come from developers who aren't afraid to tell the AI, 'That's not what I meant' or 'This approach won't scale.' Each round of feedback improves the output substantially.\\n\\nImplement Thorough Testing Protocols\\n\\nAutomated Testing Suites: Don't skip testing just because AI wrote the code. If anything, automated tests become even more crucial—think unit tests, integration checks, and security scans that catch what the AI missed. \\nCode Review Processes: Never fully trust the AI without a human once-over. Even the best systems occasionally produce elegant-looking code that's completely wrong, especially for security-critical components.\\n\\nContinuous Learning\\n\\nTrain Your Team: Invest in training sessions so that your developers understand how to leverage AI effectively without losing their core coding skills.\\nStay Updated: The landscape of Vibe Coding is evolving rapidly. We recommend keeping abreast of the latest research and tool updates through trusted industry sources.\\n\\n\\nThis figure shows ‘Efficiency Gains: Traditional vs. Vibe Coding’ comparing traditional coding timelines with Vibe Coding to vividly illustrate the time and cost savings achieved when using AI-assisted methods.\\nIntegration with Agile and DevOps Methodologies\\nThe iterative nature of Vibe Coding fits perfectly within Agile frameworks. The quick back-and-forth between developer and AI means you can rapidly prototype, get feedback, iterate, and deploy—exactly what agile methodologies call for. Hook this into your DevOps pipeline, and suddenly you're pushing updates faster than ever, without sacrificing reliability. Teams using this approach report slashing sprint completion times by 30-40% while maintaining quality metrics.\\nChallenges and Limitations\\nWhile the benefits are compelling, Vibe Coding does come with challenges:\\nEthical Considerations\\n\\nTransparency & Accountability: Transparency in AI-generated code and accountability for errors are critical issues that need careful attention. We must ensure that the human element in programming isn’t lost.\\nImpact on Employment: AI tools are game-changers—reshaping what it means to be a developer, and not everyone's thrilled about it. Some veteran coders are watching junior tasks they cut their teeth on get automated away and wondering if their jobs are next. It's not just paranoia—the landscape is shifting. But skilled developers are irreplaceable. We need to invest in upskilling our people—keeping their expertise sharp while embracing these new capabilities.\\n\\nTechnical Debt and Code Quality\\n\\nDebugging Complexity: AI-generated code may sometimes be murky, leaving you with unexpected bugs and logic errors that are difficult to trace.\\nMaintenance Issues: Rapid code generation can lead to technical debt, making future modifications and scalability challenging.\\nSecurity Vulnerabilities: Without thorough human oversight, there’s a risk that AI might introduce insecure practices into the codebase.\\n\\nOver-Reliance on AI\\n\\nSkill Atrophy: Overdependence on AI may reduce your team’s hands-on coding skills, which are essential for understanding and maintaining complex systems.\\nQuality Assurance: Without rigorous testing and review, there is potential for inconsistent quality, leading to systems that work in the short term but falter under scale.\\n\\nIndustry experts have noted these challenges, urging companies to implement robust review and testing protocols alongside Vibe Coding practices. For instance, detailed discussions in Business Insider emphasize the need for iterative feedback loops and continuous learning.\\nFuture Trends and Predictions\\nLooking ahead, we can expect several key developments:\\nSpecialized Domain Applications\\nGeneral-purpose code generation is just the beginning. Development platforms will increasingly integrate AI tools directly into the coding environment, making Vibe Coding an everyday practice.\\nWe're already seeing specialized tools emerge for specific domains like game development, embedded systems, and data science. These domain-specific variants incorporate best practices and patterns unique to their fields, producing more targeted and optimized solutions.\\nEvolving Developer Roles\\nNobody's throwing away their programming books yet, but the daily work of developers is shifting. Rather than spending hours typing out every function and class, many developers now spend their time defining the problem space, critiquing AI-generated solutions, and focusing on the pieces that actually matter to users.\\nThis bumps developers up the value chain. Instead of being code monkeys, they're becoming more like architects and product designers who happen to know how code works. The boring parts get automated while the interesting challenges get more attention.\\nCoding bootcamps are scrambling to figure out what to teach. Some still push traditional coding fundamentals, while others are pivoting hard toward \\\"AI collaboration\\\" courses. The jury's still out on which approach will win, but students are voting with their wallets for programs that teach both.\\nHybrid Approaches\\nSmart teams aren't going all-in on AI or sticking purely with traditional methods. They're getting pragmatic about it—using Vibe Coding to knock out prototypes, UI components, and standard features, while keeping human hands on mission-critical systems and security infrastructure.\\nIt's not ideological; it's about using the right tool for the job. Much like how we still write some performance-critical code in C++ despite having higher-level languages, we're developing instincts about when to let the AI take the wheel versus when to grab it ourselves.\\nGetting Started with Vibe Coding\\nReady to dive in? Here's a practical roadmap:\\n\\nStart with existing tools: GitHub Copilot, Replit's Ghostwriter, and Cursor provide accessible entry points.\\nDevelop prompt engineering skills: Learn to communicate effectively with AI systems—this is perhaps the most valuable skill in the Vibe Coding era.\\nBuild a test-driven workflow: Robust testing becomes even more critical when working with AI-generated code.\\nJoin communities: Connect with others exploring these techniques; platforms like GitHub, StackOverflow, and Index.dev host active communities sharing best practices.\\n\\nTo help you visualize the process, here’s flowchart outlining the key steps of Vibe Coding:\\n\\nThis diagram captures the cyclical, interactive nature of Vibe Coding—a process where you continuously refine the output until it meets your high standards.\\nExplore More: 15 Best AI Tools to Transform Your Developer Workflow in 2025\\nFinal Thoughts\\nDespite the technological advances, the most successful Vibe Coding implementations maintain a strong human presence. The technology augments human creativity rather than replacing it. As one seasoned developer put it: \\\"The AI handles the typing; we handle the thinking.\\\"\\nAt the end of the day, Vibe Coding is changing how we build software by letting us speak naturally about what we want to create instead of getting lost in implementation details. It's making development faster and opening doors for people who have ideas but couldn't code before. There are still plenty of kinks to work out with code quality and ethical questions, but the trajectory looks promising as AI systems keep getting better.\\nBy rolling with this change instead of fighting it, your team can use AI for the grunt work while focusing your human creativity and insight on the problems that actually matter. Platforms like Index.dev are showing what's possible when you embrace this approach thoughtfully. With the right guardrails and practices, Vibe Coding becomes another powerful tool in your development toolkit - not a replacement for human ingenuity, but an amplifier for it.\\nFor AI Companies:\\nHire senior AI developers from Index.dev—vetted, matched in 48 hours, and risk-free for 30 days!\\nFor AI Developers:\\nJoin Index.dev and work on cutting-edge AI-powered projects with top global companies.\\nShare\\nPallavi PremkumarCopywriter\\nStart Hiring Now ---------------- \\nRelated Articles\\nFor DevelopersTop 20 Product Owner Interview Questions: From Agile Basics to Enterprise Scale\\nInterview Questions\\nProduct Owner interviews test both Agile methodology expertise and enterprise-level strategic thinking. Our 20 curated questions with response templates help identify agile, enterprise-ready candidates.\\nElena BejanPeople Culture and Development Director\\nFor EmployersSoftware Development Contract Template: A Complete Guide\\nTech HiringFreelance\\nA software development contract defines project scope, payment terms, IP rights, and compliance, ensuring legal protection and clear expectations for all parties.\\nElena BejanPeople Culture and Development Director\\nThe fastest way to hire remote tech talent\\n\\nPlatform\\nBook a CallHire TalentFind a JobSign InHire by TechnologyHow Index WorksReferral Program\\nCompany\\nProcessAboutCustomersServicesReviewsCareersFAQContact\\nGet in touch\\n+1 (216) 249-7097+44 2038 853074[email protected]\\n© 2025 Index.dev\\nTermsPrivacyRight to Erasure\\n\"}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"What is Vibe Coding? A Comprehensive Exploration - Kingy AI\", \"url\": \"https://kingy.ai/blog/what-is-vibe-coding-a-comprehensive-exploration/\", \"content\": \"Moreover, vibe coding enables closer collaboration between developers and other stakeholders. Product designers, project managers, and even non-technical team members can contribute to the development process by describing their vision in everyday language. This enhanced collaboration leads to more coherent and user-friendly applications. [...] Benefits of Vibe Coding\\nThe adoption of vibe coding is driven largely by the extensive benefits it offers. By transforming the software development process, vibe coding unlocks new levels of productivity, accessibility, and creative freedom. [...] One of the most significant benefits is the dramatic improvement in productivity. By allowing developers to articulate complex functionalities in plain language, vibe coding eliminates the need for writing repetitive, boilerplate code. This rapid prototyping capability means that developers can quickly iterate on their ideas. In research conducted by renowned tech analysts, development cycles have been shown to shrink by up to 55% when integrating AI-driven coding.\", \"score\": 0.7625837, \"raw_content\": \"Published Time: 2025-05-08T04:59:04+00:00\\nWhat is Vibe Coding? A Comprehensive Exploration - Kingy AI\\n\\nHome\\nAI News\\nBlog\\nContact\\n\\nFriday, May 9, 2025\\n\\n\\nHome\\nAI News\\nBlog\\nContact\\n\\n\\nNo Result\\nView All Result\\n\\nHome\\nAI News\\nBlog\\nContact\\n\\n\\nNo Result\\nView All Result\\n\\n\\n\\nNo Result\\nView All Result\\nHome Blog\\nWhat is Vibe Coding? A Comprehensive Exploration\\n by Curtis Pyke\\nMay 9, 2025\\nin Blog\\nReading Time: 25 mins read\\nA A\\nA A\\nReset\\nIn recent years, the landscape of software development has experienced a paradigm shift driven by advances in artificial intelligence. Among the most transformative trends is “vibe coding,” a concept that leverages AI to generate code based on natural language prompts.  \\nThis new approach transforms the role of the developer from writing every line of code manually to guiding, refining, and iterating on AI-generated code. This article explores the origins, tools, benefits, challenges, future trends, and ethical implications of vibe coding—presenting an in‐depth discussion that reflects its significance in modern software development.\\n\\nIntroduction\\nVibe coding represents a bold evolution in the world of programming. Traditionally, developers have relied on manually written code, debugging line by line in highly technical environments. In contrast, vibe coding uses large language models (LLMs) and advanced machine learning algorithms to “translate” natural human language directly into a functional codebase.  \\nBy feeding these systems concise descriptions of what an application or component should do, developers can rapidly prototype ideas, iterate on designs, and ultimately deliver software solutions faster than ever before.\\nThe term “vibe coding”—popularized by AI researcher Andrej Karpathy in the early 2020s—conveys the artfulness inherent in this new method. Instead of focusing solely on syntax and strict logic, developers now harness the “vibe” of their ideas. They capture the essence of a desired functionality or user experience, which the AI then interprets into executable code. The result is a collaborative process where human creativity and machine precision work in tandem.\\n\\nAt its core, vibe coding democratizes software development. It lowers the barrier to entry not just for seasoned programmers, but also for those with minimal technical expertise. By shifting the emphasis from technical proficiency to conceptual clarity, vibe coding opens up opportunities for a broader group of innovators to contribute to the digital world.  \\nWith the integration of platforms like Cursor AI, Claude, Replit, and GitHub Copilot, this approach is already reshaping how teams collaborate, how code is generated, and how applications are brought to life.\\nThis article delves into every facet of vibe coding—from its foundational principles and evolving technology to the challenges it presents and the potential transformations of future developer roles. Authoritative sources such as Forbes, Medium, and ACM are interwoven throughout this discussion, providing a balanced perspective on both the benefits and the pitfalls of relying on AI in software development.\\n\\nWhat is Vibe Coding?\\nVibe coding is a term used to describe a novel software development approach that allows developers to create code by communicating in natural language. Instead of manually writing boilerplate code and dealing with intricate syntax, developers articulate their intentions, and an AI system translates these ideas into executable code.  \\nThis method leverages large language models (LLMs) that have been trained on vast amounts of programming data, enabling them to understand nuanced human instructions.\\nThe process of vibe coding is inherently iterative. A developer might start by issuing a high-level command—such as “Build a simple to-do list application with authentication”—and the AI returns a preliminary codebase. From there, the developer refines the instructions, specifies additional features (like drag-and-drop functionalities or cloud sync), and iterates until the solution meets the desired specifications.  \\nThis cycle of natural language prompting followed by AI generation is what fundamentally distinguishes vibe coding from conventional methods.\\n\\nAt its heart, vibe coding emphasizes creativity and the flow of ideas. Traditional software development often involves translating abstract concepts into rigid code structures; vibe coding, on the other hand, allows developers to focus on the “vibe” or essence of their application.  \\nThis evolution is particularly transformative for rapid prototyping and creative coding projects, where the speed of iteration is paramount. For instance, startups in competitive sectors are leveraging vibe coding to quickly craft prototypes that can be tested with users, reducing time-to-market and fostering innovation.\\nAnother significant factor is the accessibility vibe coding brings to the table. By relying on natural language instructions, the process becomes intuitive even for non-programmers. This democratization of coding means that individuals with creative ideas but limited technical training can now participate in software development.  \\nEducational platforms are also taking notice: schools and bootcamps are beginning to incorporate vibe coding tools into their curricula, offering a gentle introduction to programming by letting students see immediate, tangible outcomes from their ideas.\\nFurthermore, vibe coding extends beyond mere code generation. When integrated with existing development environments like Visual Studio Code (via plugins such as Cursor AI) or online IDEs such as Replit, vibe coding becomes part of a larger ecosystem. Developers benefit from features like context-aware suggestions, code refactoring, and even debugging assistance—all powered by AI.  \\nWith platforms like GitHub Copilot already streamlining everyday coding tasks, the evolution into vibe coding represents a natural progression toward more holistic and human-centric AI collaboration in coding.\\nUltimately, vibe coding is about skill augmentation rather than replacement. While AI handles repetitive and mundane tasks, developers are free to concentrate on higher-order problems—designing robust architectures, ensuring optimal performance, and crafting innovative user experiences. This collaborative dynamic between human expertise and AI’s rapid code synthesis offers an exciting glimpse into the future of software development, where boundaries are redefined, and creative potential is fully unleashed.\\n\\n\\nOrigins and Evolution of Vibe Coding\\nThe journey toward vibe coding begins with the development of early coding assistants and low-code platforms. For decades, the software industry has witnessed incremental innovations aimed at reducing the overhead of code maintenance and improving developer productivity. Initially, script generators and code snippets were introduced to help automate routine tasks. Over time, these efforts gave rise to more advanced tools that could assist with code completion and error checking.\\nThe breakthrough came with the advent of large language models. Pioneering efforts from companies such as OpenAI resulted in models like Codex and ChatGPT, which demonstrated a remarkable ability to understand context and generate relevant code. As researchers experimented with these models, the idea of transforming natural language instructions directly into code began to take shape. Andrej Karpathy, a highly influential figure in AI research, played a pivotal role in this evolution.  \\n|In early 2025, Karpathy outlined the concept of vibe coding—a vision where developers could “give in to the vibes” of their ideas, trusting AI to handle the mechanical aspects of coding while they concentrated solely on insight and creativity.\\nThis vision was rapidly embraced by startup ecosystems and tech giants alike. Low-code and no-code platforms, which had already started to lower the barrier for non-developers, quickly integrated advanced AI capabilities. As a result, the software development process became more democratized and accessible. Developers realized that instead of spending weeks perfecting syntactical details, they could rapidly iterate on ideas using natural language as their primary interface.\\nThe evolution of vibe coding has also been shaped by broader technological trends. The exponential increase in computing power, coupled with the growth of cloud-based development environments, has allowed AI models to scale effectively. Platforms like Replit and Cursor AI are direct beneficiaries of these advancements, offering real-time code generation without the need for extensive local computing resources.  \\nAdditionally, the integration of continuous integration/continuous deployment (CI/CD) pipelines into these AI-driven platforms has further accelerated the pace of development.\\nThe societal acceptance of AI-assisted processes is another critical factor behind vibe coding’s rise. As industries from healthcare to finance increasingly adopt AI for decision-making, the technology’s credibility has grown. Early success stories and positive user feedback on platforms such as GitHub Copilot have reinforced the notion that AI can be a reliable partner in software development.  \\nMoreover, research and white papers published by institutions like IBM and MIT have provided evidence of improved productivity and better code quality when AI is implanted into development workflows.  \\nThese studies underscore the potential for AI to act not merely as a tool but as a collaborative partner that reshapes conventional paradigms.\\nIn summary, vibe coding is the natural convergence of decades of technological innovation, human ingenuity, and the relentless pursuit of efficiency. It bridges the gap between low-code platforms—which made development accessible—and advanced AI systems, which promise to redefine what it means to program.  \\nThe evolution of vibe coding is ongoing; as models become even more refined and integrated into development environments, the scope of what can be achieved continues to expand. This transformation is not just technical but cultural, signaling a future where creativity and code are entwined in novel, unexpected ways.\\n\\nTools and Platforms Enabling Vibe Coding\\nThe transition to vibe coding is underpinned by a suite of innovative tools and platforms designed to facilitate natural language-driven code generation. Four of the most influential platforms in this space are Cursor AI, Claude AI, Replit, and GitHub Copilot. Each of these tools brings unique features and benefits, contributing to the broad applicability and rapid adoption of vibe coding across diverse sectors.\\n\\nCursor AI\\nCursor AI is built as an enhancement to traditional integrated development environments (IDEs) such as Visual Studio Code. It integrates seamlessly with developers’ existing workflows, bringing AI-powered code generation directly into the familiar environment.\\nCursor AI’s key features include the ability to generate boilerplate code, refactor functions through smart rewriting, and even query entire codebases to provide context-aware insights. The tool also offers Agent Mode, which automates end-to-end tasks while keeping developers fully informed of each step. Privacy is paramount for Cursor AI; the platform is SOC 2 certified and includes robust privacy modes to ensure that sensitive code is not stored or exposed to third parties.\\nReal-world applications of Cursor AI range from simplifying code refactoring to automating the creation of unit tests. Developers have noted that the tool often provides more than just suggestions—it serves as a real coding partner that anticipates needs and streamlines iterative development. Many technologists have highlighted its ability to speed up workflows considerably, with some describing it as potentially doubling their productivity.  \\nFor instance, one developer shared on Medium that Cursor AI “feels magical” when predicting coding patterns and facilitating seamless code navigation.\\nClaude AI\\nDeveloped by Anthropic, Claude AI represents a next-generation conversational coding assistant distinguished by its emphasis on ethical and unbiased outputs. Claude AI leverages constitutional AI techniques to ensure that its responses comply with ethical guidelines and promote fairness in its problem-solving approaches.\\nClaude AI excels not just in basic code generation, but in handling long-form contextual queries. Its ability to process and understand multiple steps within a conversation makes it especially useful for debugging complex code and offering architectural recommendations. Beyond traditional coding tasks, Claude AI is also adept at creative language tasks—from generating documentation to drafting intricate problem-solving scenarios for code optimization.\\nSome users have highlighted that while Claude’s interface is intuitive, certain tasks require occasional manual intervention. Nonetheless, its logical reasoning capabilities have made it a favorite among teams focused on not just speed but also quality and ethical considerations in AI development. Reviews on sites like Team-GPT emphasize that Claude’s strength lies in its balanced approach between creativity and sound engineering practices.\\n\\nReplit\\nReplit is an online integrated development environment (IDE) that has democratized coding by enabling real-time collaboration and integrating AI-driven assistance through its Ghostwriter tool. Replit supports over 50 programming languages, making it an incredibly versatile platform for developers of all levels. Its cloud-based system enables users to build, test, and deploy applications directly from the browser, a feature that has proved revolutionary for both educational purposes and rapid prototyping.\\nThe Ghostwriter feature of Replit goes beyond simple code suggestions. It offers comprehensive code insights, contextual error corrections, and even explanations of complex code snippets—ideal for learners and experienced programmers alike. Collaborative features enable multiple team members to work simultaneously on the same project, reinforcing Replit’s commitment to a shared development experience.  \\nWhile some users have noted occasional performance bottlenecks for larger projects, the overall sentiment is that Replit is a powerful enabling tool for those exploring vibe coding in an accessible, web-based environment.\\nGitHub Copilot\\nGitHub Copilot, powered by OpenAI’s Codex, is a widely recognized AI pair programmer that has transformed how developers engage with their code. Integrated directly into popular editors such as Visual Studio Code, Copilot offers real-time code completions, intelligent suggestions, and contextual guidance as users type. Its deep understanding of code context and syntax allows it to propose entire code blocks that fit seamlessly into existing projects.\\nCopilot is lauded for its ability to help developers learn new programming languages and frameworks through contextual completions and inline documentation. It accelerates the coding process by alleviating the need for repetitive boilerplate work and by alerting developers to potential errors in real time.  \\nHowever, while GitHub Copilot is generally praised for its innovative approach and productivity-enhancing capabilities, some critics have raised concerns about the occasional generation of suboptimal or insecure code, highlighting the necessity for human oversight.\\nEach of these tools plays a pivotal role in shaping the vibe coding landscape. They not only provide the foundational technology for translating natural language into code but also demonstrate how AI can be integrated across a range of development scenarios—from rapid prototyping to full-scale production applications.  \\nBy interweaving features such as ethical AI reasoning, cloud-based development, and context-aware suggestions, these platforms empower developers to push the boundaries of what is possible in modern software production.\\n\\n\\nBenefits of Vibe Coding\\nThe adoption of vibe coding is driven largely by the extensive benefits it offers. By transforming the software development process, vibe coding unlocks new levels of productivity, accessibility, and creative freedom.\\nOne of the most significant benefits is the dramatic improvement in productivity. By allowing developers to articulate complex functionalities in plain language, vibe coding eliminates the need for writing repetitive, boilerplate code. This rapid prototyping capability means that developers can quickly iterate on their ideas. In research conducted by renowned tech analysts, development cycles have been shown to shrink by up to 55% when integrating AI-driven coding.  \\nAs a consequence, teams able to leverage vibe coding can focus on solving higher-order design challenges, refining user interfaces, and optimizing overall system architecture.\\nAnother key advantage of vibe coding is its role in democratizing software development. Individuals without extensive coding backgrounds can now participate in creating robust applications. This shift not only broadens the pool of potential innovators but also fosters a more inclusive environment where technical expertise is no longer the sole gatekeeper of technology creation.  \\nEducational institutions are incorporating AI-driven tools into their programming curricula, enabling students to see immediate, demonstrable results from their creative input. Platforms such as Replit exemplify this trend by providing environments where learners can experiment with and understand complex coding concepts through intuitive prompts and interactive feedback.\\nCost efficiency is an additional driving factor. By automating many aspects of coding, companies can significantly reduce the reliance on large development teams for routine tasks. For startups and small enterprises, this translates into lower operational costs and a shorter time-to-market for new products.  \\nSeveral case studies and white papers from technology research firms have shown that the integration of AI coding assistants can lead to overall cost savings, particularly in the early stages of product development.\\nThe impact on creativity, too, cannot be undervalued. Vibe coding encourages developers to think conceptually, focusing on the design and functionality rather than getting mired in syntactical details. This creative liberation has led to innovative solutions, particularly in fields where rapid user interface adjustments and dynamic feature sets are critical.  \\nDevelopers using platforms like GitHub Copilot often mention that the tool acts as a creative partner—suggesting code in ways that spark new ideas and help overcome conventional programming roadblocks.\\nMoreover, vibe coding enables closer collaboration between developers and other stakeholders. Product designers, project managers, and even non-technical team members can contribute to the development process by describing their vision in everyday language. This enhanced collaboration leads to more coherent and user-friendly applications.  \\nAs evidenced by early adopter feedback on platforms like Cursor AI, the result is a development process where the final product often reflects a harmonious integration of business objectives, creative design, and sound technical performativity.\\n\\n\\nChallenges and Limitations of Vibe Coding\\nDespite its many advantages, vibe coding is not without challenges. The rapid advancement of AI-assisted code generation raises several important concerns regarding code quality, security, maintenance, and the potential for skill erosion among developers.\\nOne of the primary challenges associated with vibe coding is the issue of code quality and performance. While natural language-driven AI is remarkably adept at generating functional code, it sometimes produces code that is inefficient or not fully optimized. This can lead to performance bottlenecks in production environments, necessitating thorough code reviews and manual optimization later in the development process.  \\nResearch published in technical journals such as IBM’s Think highlights the need for additional safeguards to ensure that the code meets stringent performance standards.\\nDebugging AI-generated code represents another significant hurdle. The iterative nature of vibe coding means that the codebase is constantly evolving, often resulting in segments that lack comprehensive documentation or intuitive structure. Developers may find themselves grappling with opaque sections of code, making troubleshooting and maintenance more challenging.  \\nThis situation is compounded by the fact that developers increasingly rely on AI tools, potentially leading to a gradual erosion of their debugging and problem-solving skills over time.\\nSecurity concerns are also paramount in the context of vibe coding. AI-generated code can inadvertently include vulnerabilities—whether due to oversights in handling edge cases or because of inherent biases in the training data used by the AI models. High-profile research by security experts has flagged instances where AI-generated segments contained exploitable flaws. Regular manual audits and the integration of advanced security scanning tools are essential measures to mitigate these risks.  \\nWebsites such as Legit Security underscore the importance of maintaining robust security protocols in an AI-assisted development environment.\\nAnother potential limitation is the fragmentation of responsibilities within development teams. As AI takes on an increasing share of the coding workload, traditional developers might find themselves in roles that are more akin to “editors” of AI-generated content rather than true architects of software. This shift may lead to a gradual degradation of fundamental coding skills, as the reliance on AI obscures the underlying logic that drives code functionality.  \\nOnline communities such as Hacker News have engaged in extensive discussions about the trade-offs inherent in adopting such technologies.\\nFurthermore, the process of integrating vibe coding into legacy systems can present additional challenges. Many organizations rely on established methodologies and infrastructure that are not easily amenable to rapid AI-driven changes. The resulting misalignment between traditional workflows and new AI-assisted processes can create friction, reducing overall productivity until robust integration strategies are devised.\\nUltimately, while vibe coding offers transformative benefits, its current challenges require a balanced approach. Developers and organizations must invest in training, continuous code monitoring, and effective review practices to ensure that the promise of AI-enhanced coding does not come at the expense of security, maintainability, or long-term skill development.\\n\\nFuture Trends and Implications for the Job Market\\nThe widespread adoption of vibe coding is poised to drive profound changes in the software development ecosystem. Future trends indicate that rather than replacing developers, this technology will redefine their roles, shifting the focus from granular coding to high-level design and strategic oversight.\\nOne emerging trend is the bifurcation of developer roles. As vibe coding tools handle repetitive tasks, a new breed of professionals—often termed “vibe architects” or product engineers—is expected to emerge. These professionals will focus on guiding the AI, developing precise natural language prompts, and ensuring the overall integrity of the generated code. In parallel, a cadre of high-coding specialists will remain responsible for handling complex, security-critical components and optimizing performance.  \\nThis division of labor promises to increase overall productivity and foster specialized expertise tailored to different aspects of software development.\\nMoreover, the integration of vibe coding with Agile and DevOps methodologies is likely to accelerate the pace of iterative development. Our current models indicate that development cycles could be shortened by more than 50%, giving companies a competitive edge by reaching markets faster. This rapid turnaround will be especially valuable in industries that face constant change—such as fintech, healthcare, and entertainment—where agility is a critical competitive factor.\\n\\nThe impact on the job market is multifaceted. For entry-level positions, the use of vibe coding may reduce the demand for routine coding skills; however, it will simultaneously open up new opportunities in areas like prompt engineering, AI system management, and ethical algorithm design. Educational institutes are beginning to recalibrate their curricula to emphasize these emerging skill sets.  \\nOnline platforms like Medium have documented success stories where traditional coding bootcamps are now incorporating AI-driven development modules.\\nA further consideration is the potential for increased collaboration across interdisciplinary teams. With the traditional barriers removed, professionals from non-technical backgrounds—such as data analysts, designers, and even domain experts in fields like medicine—can contribute directly to software development projects. This cross-functional collaboration helps ensure that end products are not only technically sound but also aligned with user expectations and business objectives.\\nThese shifts, however, come with challenges, including managing the psychological impact of changing roles. Long-standing developers might be concerned about their place in a rapidly transforming field. Nevertheless, the evidence suggests that AI tools, when used responsibly, act as an augmentation rather than a replacement.  \\nThe future of software development lies in a harmonious blend of human creativity and machine efficiency—a partnership that promises to deliver innovative solutions previously unimaginable.\\n\\nEthical Considerations and Societal Impact\\nAs with any transformative technology, vibe coding brings with it a host of ethical considerations that must be navigated carefully. One of the foremost concerns is bias. AI models are only as good as the data on which they are trained, and there exists a risk that these models might inadvertently embed subtle biases into the code they generate.  \\nEnsuring fairness and equitable access to these technologies is essential. Institutions like the ACM have published guidelines that stress the importance of continuous monitoring for bias and the need for robust audits.\\nData privacy and security are also paramount. As AI tools generate code that can touch every part of an application—from user interfaces to backend processes—the possibility that sensitive data may be mishandled is a real concern. Companies must adopt strict data governance policies and ensure that AI systems comply with rigorous security standards. Regular audits, penetration testing, and compliance measures will play a critical role in safeguarding intellectual property and user data.\\nAdditionally, the shift toward AI-assisted development raises questions about intellectual property ownership. When code is generated by an AI system, determining who holds the copyright and how the code can be used becomes complicated. Legal experts and policymakers are already debating these nuances, and it is likely that new frameworks will emerge to address these challenges.\\nThe societal implications of vibe coding cannot be ignored. As automation becomes more prevalent in the coding process, there looms a potential risk of skill erosion among developers. Maintaining a balance between leveraging AI for efficiency and preserving the underlying human expertise in coding is critical for long-term sustainability. Furthermore, the democratization of coding brings great promise for inclusivity but must be paired with ethical governance to ensure that no group is unfairly disadvantaged.\\n\\nConclusion\\nVibe coding marks a turning point in the evolution of software development. Its ability to translate natural language into executable code represents a radical departure from traditional programming paradigms, opening up new avenues for innovation, collaboration, and rapid prototyping. By harnessing the power of AI, developers can focus on high-level problem solving, creativity, and user experience, while automated tools manage the intricate details of code structure and syntax.\\nAlthough the benefits are compelling—faster development cycles, democratized access to coding expertise, and cost efficiencies—the challenges cannot be overlooked. Issues related to code quality, debugging, security, bias, and potential skill erosion require careful management and continued refinement of both technology and best practices. As the industry moves forward, a balanced approach that emphasizes human oversight, robust ethical standards, and continuous improvement will be essential.\\nThe future of vibe coding is bright, promising to redefine developer roles and reshape the software development landscape for years to come. By blending human ingenuity with the rapid-fire analytical power of AI, vibe coding is not just a technological advancement; it is a cultural shift that heralds a new era where ideas can be translated into applications at unprecedented speeds and with greater creativity than ever before.\\n\\n\\nReferences and Further Reading\\nFor further insights into vibe coding and its impact on the software development ecosystem, consider exploring the following resources:\\n• Cursor AI Official Site\\n• Replit\\n• GitHub Copilot\\n• Forbes on Vibe Coding Trends\\n• Medium Articles on Vibe Coding\\n• ACM’s Discussion on Ethical AI\\n• Legit Security: AI Code Generation Benefits and Risks\\n\\nFinal Thoughts\\nVibe coding is revolutionizing how software is developed, ushering in an era where the interplay between human creativity and AI efficiency is more seamless than ever. Its promise of accelerated development, enhanced collaboration across disciplines, and greater accessibility represents a major step forward for the industry. As we navigate the challenges and ethical considerations of this technology, the outlook remains optimistic: a future where innovation is boundless and the power of coding is available to all.\\nThis comprehensive exploration provides an in-depth understanding of vibe coding—a technology that is reshaping the very fabric of software development. Its evolution, marked by groundbreaking tools and platforms, speaks to a future where the art of coding is no longer confined by traditional boundaries but is instead defined by the free interplay of ideas, creativity, and technological prowess.\\n\\nCurtis Pyke\\nA.I. enthusiast with multiple certificates and accreditations from Deep Learning AI, Coursera, and more. I am interested in machine learning, LLM's, and all things AI.\\n\\nRelated Posts\\n\\nBlog\\nLinuxONE Emperor 5 by IBM: Unraveling the Future of Enterprise Computing\\nMay 8, 2025\\n\\nBlog\\nThe Ultimate Guide to AI-Driven Interview Preparation: Leveraging LLMs for Success\\nMay 7, 2025\\n\\nBlog\\nAI Coding Agents in 2025: Cursor vs. Windsurf vs. Copilot vs. Claude vs. VS Code AI\\nMay 6, 2025\\nLeave a Reply Cancel reply\\nYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *\\nComment *\\nName *\\nEmail *\\nWebsite\\nSave my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.\\nPrivacy Policy Agreement *  I agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.\\nRecent News\\n\\nGoogle launches Gemini app for iPad with Enhanced Features\\nMay 9, 2025\\n\\nFuture without iPhone, Eddy Cue’s AI Warning Explained\\nMay 8, 2025\\n\\nApple AI search alternatives: Threatens Google’s $20 Billion Deal\\nMay 8, 2025\\n\\nLinuxONE Emperor 5 by IBM: Unraveling the Future of Enterprise Computing\\nMay 8, 2025\\nThe Best in A.I.\\nWe feature the best AI apps, tools, and platforms across the web. If you are an AI app creator and would like to be featured here, feel free to contact us.\\nRecent Posts\\n\\nGoogle launches Gemini app for iPad with Enhanced Features\\nFuture without iPhone, Eddy Cue’s AI Warning Explained\\nApple AI search alternatives: Threatens Google’s $20 Billion Deal\\n\\nRecent News\\n\\nGoogle launches Gemini app for iPad with Enhanced Features\\nMay 9, 2025\\n\\nFuture without iPhone, Eddy Cue’s AI Warning Explained\\nMay 8, 2025\\n\\nAbout\\nAdvertise\\nPrivacy & Policy\\nContact\\n\\n© 2024 Kingy AI\\n\\nWelcome Back!\\nLogin to your account below\\nRemember Me\\nForgotten Password?\\nRetrieve your password\\nPlease enter your username or email address to reset your password.\\nLog In\\n\\n\\nNo Result\\nView All Result\\n\\nHome\\nAI News\\nBlog\\nContact\\n\\n© 2024 Kingy AI\\nThis website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are giving consent to cookies being used. Visit our Privacy and Cookie Policy. I Agree\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.simform.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/characteristics-of-good-quality-code.png\", \"image_description\": \"A diagram outlines the key characteristics of good quality code, emphasizing efficiency, readability, maintainability, reliability, robustness, and portability.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/032510_vibe_coding-1024x462.png\", \"image_description\": \"A person wearing glasses and a hoodie stares at a laptop, while a humanoid robot with a blue head displays code on its screen, both set against contrasting blue and yellow backgrounds.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1358/0*ujhYoysKnjhh6O5j\", \"image_description\": \"A series of five app icons, labeled as v0, Superwhisper, Cursor, Bolt, and Lovable, are displayed against a pink background, promoting the concept of Vibe Coding for 2024.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://d2ms8rpfqc4h24.cloudfront.net/uploads/2021/08/Benefits-and-Importance-of-Code-Quality.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"The content outlines the benefits and importance of code quality, highlighting enhanced efficiency, easy maintenance, low risk, and cost-effectiveness within a circular design.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://promptstack.dev/og-image.png\", \"image_description\": \"The text prominently discusses \\\"AI Prompts and Code Generation Rules for Prompt Engineering,\\\" accompanied by a stylized code symbol.\"}]", "tool_call_id": "call_cf0fk3bmzxup89fw8tk944ah"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "Problem"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Statement"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Collect"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " information"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " overall"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " advantages"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " context"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " projects"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " This"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " includes"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " how"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " it"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " improve"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " quality"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " efficiency"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " collaboration"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " among"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " contributors"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Look"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " case"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " studies"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " reports"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " expert"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " opinions"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "Research"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Findings"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "Impro"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ved"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Efficiency"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "**"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "       "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " autom"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ates"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " repetitive"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " tasks"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " generates"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " quickly"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " significantly"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " reducing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " time"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Developers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " focus"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " refining"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " optimizing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " instead"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " starting"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " from"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " scratch"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " For"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " example"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " startups"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " build"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " functional"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " MV"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "Ps"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " fraction"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " resources"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " previously"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " required"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " projects"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " using"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " see"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " productivity"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " gains"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " up"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "%"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " faster"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " completion"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " times"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "       "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " It"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " enables"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " rapid"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " prot"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "otyping"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Developers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " quickly"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " create"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " prototypes"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " iterate"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " ideas"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " which"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " particularly"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " useful"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " agile"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " environments"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " where"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " speed"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " critical"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "Enh"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "anced"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Collaboration"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "**"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "       "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Non"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " technical"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " stakeholders"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " contribute"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " process"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " by"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " providing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " natural"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " language"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " instructions"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " This"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " fost"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " greater"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " collaboration"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " between"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " technical"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " non"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " technical"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " teams"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " as"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " product"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " designers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " project"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " managers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " non"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " technical"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " team"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " members"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " describe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " their"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " vision"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " everyday"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " language"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "       "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " iterative"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " nature"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " fits"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " well"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " within"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Agile"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " frameworks"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " quick"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " back"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " forth"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " between"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " developer"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " allows"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " rapid"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " prot"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "otyping"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " feedback"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " iteration"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " deployment"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " teams"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " using"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " this"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " approach"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " report"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " sl"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ashing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " sprint"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " completion"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " times"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " by"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "4"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "%"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " while"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " maintaining"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " quality"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " metrics"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "Impro"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ved"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Quality"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "**"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "       "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " By"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " using"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " clear"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " detailed"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " prompts"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " accuracy"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " generated"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " be"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " improved"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " reducing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " time"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " spent"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " debugging"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " revisions"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "       "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Automated"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " testing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " frameworks"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " be"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " implemented"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " ensure"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " reliability"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " detect"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " errors"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " early"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " cycle"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "Dem"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ocrat"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ization"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "**"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "       "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " lowers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " barrier"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " entry"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " those"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " minimal"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " technical"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " expertise"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Educational"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " platforms"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " are"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " incorporating"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " tools"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " into"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " their"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " cur"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ricula"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " allowing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " students"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " see"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " immediate"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " results"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " from"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " their"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " ideas"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "       "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " It"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " broad"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ens"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " pool"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " potential"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " innov"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ators"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " creating"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " more"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " inclusive"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " environment"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " where"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " technical"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " expertise"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " no"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " longer"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " sole"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " gate"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "keeper"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " technology"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " creation"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "Cost"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Efficiency"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "**"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "       "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Autom"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ating"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " many"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " aspects"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " reduces"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " reliance"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " large"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " teams"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " routine"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " tasks"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " This"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " translates"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " into"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " lower"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " operational"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " costs"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " shorter"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " time"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " market"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " new"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " products"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " especially"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " startups"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " small"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " enterprises"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "Enh"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "anced"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Creat"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ivity"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "**"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "       "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " encourages"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " developers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " think"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " concept"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ually"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " focusing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " design"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " functionality"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " rather"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " than"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " getting"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " m"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ired"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " synt"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "act"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ical"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " details"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " This"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " has"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " led"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " innovative"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " solutions"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " particularly"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " fields"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " where"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " rapid"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " user"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " interface"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " adjustments"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " dynamic"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " feature"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " sets"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " are"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " critical"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "Conclusion"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " offers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " numerous"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " benefits"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " projects"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " It"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " significantly"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " improves"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " efficiency"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " by"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " autom"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ating"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " tasks"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " enabling"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " rapid"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " prot"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "otyping"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Collaboration"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " among"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " contributors"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " enhanced"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " as"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " non"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " technical"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " stakeholders"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " participate"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " more"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " easily"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " quality"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " be"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " improved"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " through"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " use"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " clear"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " prompts"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " automated"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " testing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " It"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " also"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " democrat"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "izes"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " making"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " it"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " accessible"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " wider"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " range"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " people"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " brings"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " cost"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " efficiency"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " projects"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Additionally"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " it"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " stimulates"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " creativity"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " among"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " developers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " However"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " it"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "'s"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " important"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " address"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " challenges"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " such"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " as"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " quality"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " issues"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " security"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " vulnerabilities"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " potential"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " skill"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " erosion"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " through"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " proper"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " management"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " best"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " practices"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "References"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Best"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Practices"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Implement"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Your"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Work"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "flow"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "z"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "encoder"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ai"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/blog"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-best"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-p"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ract"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ices"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Rise"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ":"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " How"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Changing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "www"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ".index"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ".dev"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/blog"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ai"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-de"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "velopment"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "What"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "?"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " A"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Comprehensive"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Exploration"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " King"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "y"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "king"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "y"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ai"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/blog"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "what"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "prehensive"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-ex"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "pl"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "oration"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/)"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "Images"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " !["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "Character"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "istics"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Good"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Quality"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "www"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ".s"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "im"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "form"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/wp"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-content"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/uploads"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "9"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "characteristics"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-good"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-quality"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ".png"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " !["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Visual"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "www"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ".web"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "fx"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/wp"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-content"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/uploads"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "_v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "_c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "4"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "x"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "4"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ".png"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " !["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " App"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Icons"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "mi"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ro"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ".m"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ed"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ium"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "resize"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ":"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "fit"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ":"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "8"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "*"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "uj"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "h"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "Yo"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ys"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "K"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "nj"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "hh"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "O"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "j"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " !["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "Benef"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "its"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Importance"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Quality"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "d"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ms"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "8"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "r"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "pf"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "qc"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "4"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "h"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "4"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ".cloud"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "front"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ".net"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/uploads"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "8"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/B"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "en"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "efits"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "Import"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ance"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-C"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "ode"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-Q"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "uality"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ".jpg"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " !["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Prom"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "pts"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Generation"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "prompt"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "stack"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ".dev"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "og"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-image"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ".png"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-820a41c0-0182-4a43-8152-a8e36ca69b0b", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "stop"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant"}

event: tool_calls
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_calls": [{"name": "web_search", "args": {}, "id": "call_41kypvedmgoztna9k3v43x4h", "type": "tool_call"}], "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": "web_search", "args": "", "id": "call_41kypvedmgoztna9k3v43x4h", "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_calls
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_calls": [{"name": "", "args": {}, "id": null, "type": "tool_call"}], "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " {\"", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": "query", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": "\":", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " \"", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": "How", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " vibe", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " coding", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " affects", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " community", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " engagement", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " in", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " open", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " -", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " source", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " projects", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": ",", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " including", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " attracting", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " new", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " contributors", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": ",", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " retaining", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " existing", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " ones", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": ",", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " and", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " fostering", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " an", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " inclusive", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " and", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " collaborative", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " environment", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": ",", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " along", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " with", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " user", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " testimonials", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": ",", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " community", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " statistics", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": ",", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " and", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " trends", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": "\"}", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-32f665d5-9825-4516-b702-a2196532fb24", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "tool_calls"}

event: tool_call_result
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "7bb2bc9c-dc47-49e8-b866-ce99383485de", "role": "assistant", "content": "[{\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Vibe Coding: The New Trend Taking Over Software Development\", \"url\": \"https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/vibe-coding-new-trend-taking-over-software-kaleab-yilma-wiujc\", \"content\": \"The Impact of Vibe Coding ... Increased contributions: Open-source projects that prioritize vibe coding tend to attract more contributors.\", \"score\": 0.818055}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Vibe Coding Trends You Can't Ignore in 2025 - Bob Hutchins\", \"url\": \"https://bobhutchins.medium.com/vibe-coding-trends-you-cant-ignore-in-2025-22e9f537824a\", \"content\": \"In my 20 plus years in digital media and tech, I’ve watched this shift happen. Students no longer celebrate when their code runs — they celebrate when their code connects. The change is profound. Programs now sense, respond, and adapt to human emotions in real-time.\\nBut here’s what’s fascinating: companies implementing vibe coding see 47% higher user engagement and 32% better retention rates. The financial impact is clear — emotional connection drives business results. [...] What’s clear is that vibe coding isn’t static — it’s growing alongside AI integration, expanding into creative industries, and reshaping how we think about human-computer interaction. The innovations we’re seeing today are just the beginning.\\nYour next steps? Start small by incorporating one vibe coding technique into your current project. Experiment with the tools mentioned. Join communities where knowledge flows freely. Most importantly, stay curious and adaptable. [...] Vibe coding not only opens doors for musicians and artists but also democratizes software development. The barriers to creating software are reduced, inviting more people to experiment and create. Tom Pritchard, a tech journalist, notes, “We no longer have to rely on expert coders to create useful tools,” highlighting how vibe coding can lead to a surge in open-source software.\", \"score\": 0.64585793, \"raw_content\": \"Published Time: 2025-03-19T12:49:27.838Z\\nVibe Coding Trends You Can’t Ignore in 2025 | by Bob Hutchins | Mar, 2025 | Medium\\nOpen in app\\nSign up\\nSign in\\n\\nWrite\\n\\nSign up\\nSign in\\n\\nVibe Coding Trends You Can’t Ignore in 2025\\n\\nBob Hutchins\\nFollow\\n13 min read\\n·\\nMar 19, 2025\\n\\n1\\n\\nListen\\nShare\\nThe code doesn’t just run anymore — it feels. In 2025, programmers don’t just write functional code; they create experiences that resonate on an emotional level. This is vibe coding — where technical execution meets human sensation.\\nYou’ve felt it already. That app that somehow knows what music fits your mood. The website that shifts colors subtly as you scroll, matching your energy. The game that adapts its difficulty based on your frustration levels. These aren’t accidents — they’re vibe coding at work.\\nWhile traditional coding asks, “Does it function?” vibe coding asks, “How does it feel?”\\nIn my 20 plus years in digital media and tech, I’ve watched this shift happen. Students no longer celebrate when their code runs — they celebrate when their code connects. The change is profound. Programs now sense, respond, and adapt to human emotions in real-time.\\nBut here’s what’s fascinating: companies implementing vibe coding see 47% higher user engagement and 32% better retention rates. The financial impact is clear — emotional connection drives business results.\\nSo what exactly changed in 2025? New frameworks have emerged that prioritize sensory feedback. Data structures now include emotional variables. Algorithms incorporate psychology principles alongside computational logic.\\nAre you still coding the old way? Your competitors aren’t.\\nThe most successful developers now blend computer science with behavioral psychology. Teams hire “vibe architects” alongside backend engineers. Design thinking has become as essential as logical thinking.\\nThis isn’t just another programming trend. It’s a fundamental shift in how we define successful software.\\nReady to explore how vibe coding is transforming industries and what specific techniques you need to master to stay relevant? Let’s begin.\\nUnderstanding Vibe Coding\\n\\nVibe coding uses AI to turn spoken words into code.\\nIt started in 2025 and is changing coding methods.\\nNew skills in guiding AI are becoming essential.\\n\\nMeaning and Basics\\nVibe coding involves speaking or writing in natural language to describe software features. AI tools like ChatGPT and Claude generate most of the code. This method contrasts traditional coding, shifting focus from manual coding to designing with AI help. Andrej Karpathy, the former AI lead at Tesla, used this approach in early 2025. With AI doing much of the legwork, developers can focus more on the overall design and user involvement.\\nIndustries are using vibe coding to boost creativity and production. This is especially noticeable in gaming and startups. A game fully made this way made $1 million in just 17 days. This success shows the method’s potential, encouraging companies to integrate AI tools into their workflows.\\nKey elements of vibe coding include understanding user needs, keeping communication clear, and learning how AI interprets commands. By speaking or writing what they need, developers create a dynamic exchange with the AI.\\nOrigin and Development\\nVibe coding finds its roots in AI advancements combined with a need for more creative software creation. Andrej Karpathy highlighted the method’s potential in a tweet from February 2025. He noted that the process is not just about typing but involves more intuitive interactions like speaking and selecting.\\nKey figures like Karpathy have shaped the method’s development. Driven by improvements in AI, these pioneers have pushed for tools that automate repetitive tasks, leaving developers to focus on creative aspects. Techniques emerging from natural language processing are central to this progress. These allow for translating human language into runnable code, creating smooth user experiences.\\nLooking deeper, the shift is also about tackling challenges facing code review and debugging. Companies adopting vibe coding face unique demands, as emphasized by Forbes, which mentions the importance of robust code review and investing in debugging tools. This need for quality assurance underlines the shift in skills required to master this new coding style.\\nThe Significance of Vibe Coding\\nVibe coding is redefining what it means to create software. The approach, bolstered by AI innovations, highlights a shift from traditional coding to a more hands-off, intuitive process. Developers no longer need to write line by line. Instead, they can focus on guiding and refining the AI’s output. UX Tigers comments that vibe coding changes the software development process by making interactions between developers and AI the central task.\\nThis change is also adjusting how coding skills are assessed. Skills in understanding the right prompts, refining outcomes, and keeping projects aligned with best practices are increasingly valued. For example, IKANGAI points out that developers need to maintain discipline with fundamental practices even while embracing creative freedom offered by vibe coding.\\nBooks about AI and natural language processing offer insights into this evolution. Titles like “Artificial Intelligence: A Guide for Thinking Humans” by Melanie Mitchell provide context to understand these changes. For those looking to delve deeper, connection through online developer communities and accessing reports by AI tool developers can prove valuable.\\nChallenges and Considerations\\nWhile vibe coding opens new doors, it also brings challenges. A central debate is whether this method can replace traditional coding on complex projects. Some argue the need for human judgment in guiding AI ensures creativity remains aligned with project goals. According to Karpathy, vibe coding isn’t about AI doing everything; it’s about understanding and working with AI outputs.\\nMoreover, developers must consider best practices for AI-generated code to succeed. These include setting clear project goals, understanding AI tool limitations, and ensuring thorough code reviews. Simon Willison emphasizes that if an LLM writes every code line, it’s essential to review, test, and understand that code.\\nThere is continuing discussion in professional circles about potential impacts. The approach might shift talent demands, requiring new training seminars and discussions at industry conferences. As this field evolves, community involvement will be key for keeping pace with new developments and adapting to industry needs.\\n1. Vibe Coding Tools for Maximum Efficiency\\nVibe coding aligns various tools tailored to boost efficiency. In our testing, several standout tools emerged. Their utility reaches beyond basic coding, reflecting the growing need for integrated solutions in modern development environments.\\n1.1. Essential Software and Applications\\nA glance at the landscape shows three leaders in AI-driven coding: GitHub Copilot, Cursor AI, and Replit. Each tool brings unique attributes and varying degrees of integration ease.\\nGitHub Copilot, with its 1 million users GitHub Blog, is a frontrunner. Its automation features simplify repetitive coding tasks, streamlining productivity through seamless integration with most IDEs.\\nCursor AI, boasting over 500,000 monthly users Cursor Blog, excels in real-time assistance, catering to both professionals and hobbyists.\\nReplit stands apart with 20 million users and a rich collaboration environment, perfect for team-based projects. Its cloud-based infrastructure enables accessibility and scalability.\\nIntegration Overview\\nIntegration plays a crucial role in efficiency:\\n\\nGitHub Copilot: Smooth IDE plug-ins.\\nCursor AI: Standard integration options.\\nReplit: Seamless cloud integration.\\n\\n1.2. Comparing Tools and Their Uses\\nLet’s examine the strengths and limitations of major tools. User demographics and ideal use cases provide more depth.\\nPros and Cons\\n\\nUser Demographics\\nData shows 62% of AI coding tools users as professionals and 38% as students or hobbyists. Interestingly, Replit’s diverse user base often includes educational teams due to its collaborative nature.\\nUse Cases\\n\\nGitHub Copilot: Ideal for tasks requiring swift automated code suggestions.\\nCursor AI: Best for detail-oriented, real-time assistance.\\nReplit: Preferred in collaborative scenarios, where shared coding platforms thrive.\\n\\nWinner: GitHub Copilot emerges as the leader for sheer integration capability and a robust user base. Its comprehensive suite makes it adaptable for diverse professional environments, meeting the challenge of both individual and team needs.\\nMastering Vibe Coding Best Practices in 2025\\n\\nVibe coding is transforming key industries, offering efficiency and innovation.\\nOvercome common hurdles with targeted strategies.\\nBoost productivity through proven methods and expert insights.\\n\\nCurrent Applications and Usage\\nIndustries Actively Using Vibe Coding\\nIndustries like healthcare, finance, and entertainment are adopting vibe coding rapidly. In healthcare, vibe is used in MRI software to convert voice commands into code that enhances imaging processes. Finance firms use vibe coding algorithms to automate trading decisions and improve customer service. Entertainment benefits through real-time script adjustments in movie production.\\nExample: A financial company improved its trading process by 20% with vibe coding in algorithm updates.\\n[Action Items]:\\n\\nExplore vibe coding for niche applications within your industry.\\nEngage with community forums to gather insights from active practitioners.\\n\\n[Dive Deeper]:\\n\\n“AI and the Future of Work” by Martin Ford\\nHarvard Business Review article on AI in Finance\\nStanford’s podcast on technology and society\\n\\nBenefits Observed in These Industries\\nThe benefits span cost savings, increased accuracy, and faster processes. Healthcare sees 30% more efficient MRI diagnostics. Entertainment enjoys 15% quicker editing times, enhancing creativity without sacrificing quality. This is creating a competitive edge as companies can produce more innovative solutions at lower costs.\\n[Action Items]:\\n\\nImplement pilot projects to evaluate potential efficiency gains.\\nMonitor industry reports for evolving benefits and challenges.\\n\\n[Dive Deeper]:\\n\\n“AI in Healthcare” by Michael Matheny\\nPwC’s AI predictions for 2025\\nMIT’s course on AI in business transformation\\n\\nFuture Potential and Expectations\\nVibe coding is projected to lead significant shifts in software development. As AI improves, expect broader adoption across more sectors. The software quality will likely improve, reducing bugs and leading to faster deployment. However, adapting to evolving AI models will be crucial.\\n[Action Items]:\\n\\nAllocate resources for continuous AI integration.\\nDevelop adaptable strategies to incorporate future advancements.\\n\\n[Dive Deeper]:\\n\\n“Future of AI” by Peter Stone\\nGartner’s tech trend reports\\nForbes article on future coding trends\\n\\nOptimizing Workflow and Productivity\\nTechniques for Efficient Vibe Coding\\nEfficiency hinges on using voice commands optimally. Clear, concise commands reduce errors and streamline AI processing. Developers are integrating voice patterns that best suit their workflow. Techniques such as batch processing and prioritizing tasks can also speed up operations.\\n[Action Items]:\\n\\nTrain teams to refine their command language for precision.\\nUse batch processing to manage workloads efficiently.\\n\\n[Dive Deeper]:\\n\\n“Voice Interfaces for Productivity” by Suzy Welch\\nCodecademy courses on AI\\nKhan Academy’s tech productivity series\\n\\nCommon Challenges and Their Solutions\\nAdoption presents challenges such as data privacy issues and dependency risks. Companies have faced problems with sensitive information. Managing these concerns involves strict data compliance and AI limitations. Regular audits and reviews can mitigate risks effectively.\\nExample: A tech company improved data security with AI to monitor potential breaches proactively.\\n[Action Items]:\\n\\nConduct frequent risk assessments to identify data vulnerabilities.\\nEducate employees on responsible AI use and security best practices.\\n\\n[Dive Deeper]:\\n\\n“Cybersecurity and AI” by Frank Pasquale\\nMcKinsey’s guide to digital risk\\nTraining modules from Coursera on data protection\\n\\nTips for Enhancing Work Output\\nTo boost work output, create a cycle of feedback and iteration. Aim for precise vocal clarity and explore the benefits of collaboration tools designed for AI-enhanced teams. Streamlining communication and documentation will enhance transparency and teamwork.\\n[Action Items]:\\n\\nSet up regular feedback loops to refine vibe coding practices.\\nUtilize AI tools that promote teamwork and automate mundane tasks.\\n\\n[Dive Deeper]:\\n\\n“Team of Teams” by General Stanley McChrystal\\nSmartsheet webinars on team productivity\\nHubSpot’s resource on remote work\\n\\nFuture of Vibe Coding: What’s Next?\\n\\nAI-driven tools are speeding up coding, making work faster.\\nBig changes ahead with new technology influencing development.\\nGet ready by updating skills and embracing new trends.\\n\\nPredictions for the Coming Years\\nTrends Anticipated to Shape the Future\\nIn 2025, we’ve seen a dramatic rise in AI tools within the coding industry, with 37% of developers using AI-assisted tools like GitHub Copilot regularly. The trend of adopting AI to automate code generation is expected to continue in the coming years. This means developers are spending less time writing repetitive code and more on high-level problem-solving. This shift will likely lead to a more streamlined process in the software development lifecycle. As AI continues to improve, team collaboration becomes easier, with AI stepping in to handle more tasks like testing and deployment.\\nAI is set to penetrate deeper into specialized domains. Tools will be increasingly fine-tuned for particular industries or applications, leading to more customized and efficient software solutions. As this specialization occurs, expect to see AI’s role grow in areas like finance and healthcare, where even niche problems can be tackled with tailored AI solutions.\\nTechnological Advancements Influencing Vibe Coding\\nThe vibe coding landscape is quickly changing, primarily due to advancements in AI technology. With AI becoming more context-aware, developers can expect more intelligent code suggestions that align with specific project goals. This evolving technology promises a seamless integration of AI within the software lifecycle. As tools become more advanced, they will play a critical role not only in the production of code but also in its maintenance and improvement.\\nRecent investments, like the $173.25 million in Cursor, highlight the hunger for cutting-edge AI tools. The expectation is for these technologies to evolve to address existing limitations, such as debugging complexity, reported as “50x the code to debug” by some developers. Enhancing AI’s capacity to understand complex coding contexts will be crucial in managing this complexity and improving reliability.\\nPotential Shifts in Industry Practices\\nLooking ahead, vibe coding will reshape industry norms. The widespread use of AI in software development is likely to drive shifts in project timelines, team structures, and resource allocation. Developers are beginning to focus efforts on tasks that AI cannot easily automate, such as user experience design, strategic planning, and human interaction factors.\\nSimultaneously, there’s a growing conversation around the quality and security of AI-generated code. This means developing robust frameworks to ensure that AI-assisted coding upholds the same standards as traditional methods is vital. As developers become more reliant on AI, maintaining vigilance on security and quality assurance becomes increasingly important.\\nPreparing for the Changes\\nStrategies for Staying Ahead\\nTo remain competitive, it’s essential for developers and companies to embrace new vibe coding strategies. Staying updated on technological trends and actively incorporating them into your workflow is key. Investing in AI tools that streamline processes can significantly enhance productivity. Engaging with industry experts and joining communities focused on AI and coding can help in understanding and implementing new practices effectively.\\nA forward-thinking approach involves continually assessing the impact of AI tools on your work processes. By monitoring both successes and areas needing improvement, teams can adapt strategies to suit evolving technological capabilities and market demands.\\nSkillsets Required for Future Success\\nTo thrive as vibe coding advances, developers need to cultivate skills that complement AI. Learning how to effectively prompt and interact with AI tools will be invaluable. Skills in system architecture will become more critical as developers focus on designing and implementing complex structures alongside AI.\\nMoreover, understanding ethical considerations and aligning AI-driven practices with broader business goals will set developers apart. The ability to integrate human insights into the AI lifecycle will define success in vibe coding.\\nResources for Continuous Learning\\nKeeping up with changes in vibe coding involves continuous learning. Engaging with educational resources, such as coding bootcamps offering courses in AI collaboration and system design, is beneficial. Participating in webinars and forums where experts share insights can provide fresh perspectives and innovative ideas.\\nBooks, online courses, and industry-specific podcasts can also serve as valuable resources. Actively seeking out materials to expand your knowledge and networking with peers in the field will sharpens your skills and keep you at the forefront of this fast-evolving landscape.\\nBy 2027, it’s predicted that AI-driven coding tools will be incorporated into 60% of the development processes across major industries, enhancing efficiency and reducing project timelines by up to 30%. The global investment in AI coding technologies is expected to reach $500 billion by 2030, highlighting its growing significance in shaping future development landscapes.\\n\\nKey Innovations in Vibe Coding\\n\\nAI tools like GitHub Copilot are a game changer.\\nReal-time code for music is booming with tools like TidalCycles.\\nLower entry barriers for software development through natural language coding.\\n\\nNotable Innovations in Recent Years\\nIn recent years, vibe coding has been on the rise, integrating tools such as AI-powered coding assistants. GitHub Copilot and Amazon CodeWhisperer are leading this change, allowing developers to use spoken language commands to generate code efficiently. This approach speeds up development and reduces errors. A 2023 survey showed that 92% of developers are using AI tools, with 70% doing so daily, demonstrating their growing impact on coding practices.\\nThe influence of these innovations on workflow is significant. By reducing repetitive tasks, developers are left with more time to focus on creative aspects of coding. Coding efficiency has improved by an average of 55.8% with AI tools, according to a 2024 study. This marks a revolution in code writing, where human creativity meets AI efficiency. Real-world applications are seen in companies like Cursor AI, which enable ‘vibe coding’ to turn conversational prompts into full applications, a concept further explored here.\\nVibe Coding and Creative Industries\\nIn the creative sectors, vibe coding has made its mark on music and entertainment. Tools like TidalCycles and Sonic Pi facilitate “algoraves,” live music events where performers code music in real-time. These events have reached over 50 countries since their inception, showcasing a deep bond between coding and artistic expression.\\nThe question often arises about what live coding music entails. Simply, it is real-time programming to create music. This practice allows performers to engage with audiences in unique ways, turning music composition into a shared experience. Coders manipulate sound and rhythm by inputting real-time code, highlighting coding’s creative potential. The popularity of this practice is evident from the annual International Conference on Live Coding, which has been ongoing since 2015.\\nThe entertainment industry benefits immensely from vibe coding, allowing quick prototyping and expansive creative expression. Harry Law summarizes it aptly: “For a total beginner… it can be incredibly satisfying to build something that works in the space of an hour” using these tools. As Misbah Syed points out, vibe coding brings ideas quickly to demo stages, making them vital in a fast-paced industry.\\nOpportunities for Creative Expression\\nVibe coding not only opens doors for musicians and artists but also democratizes software development. The barriers to creating software are reduced, inviting more people to experiment and create. Tom Pritchard, a tech journalist, notes, “We no longer have to rely on expert coders to create useful tools,” highlighting how vibe coding can lead to a surge in open-source software.\\nBooks such as “Live Coding in the Arts” explore how coding marries different forms of art, offering deeper insights into this practice. To understand the intersection of vibe coding with music and art, dive into online forums like TOPLAP or check out resources from the Sonic Pi community. These platforms contain a wealth of knowledge for those eager to understand and experiment further.\\nAs vibe coding continues to evolve, new opportunities for creative and software development emerge, shaping the landscape of various industries. The innovations are creating a world where language and technology blend seamlessly, and as Andrej Karpathy aptly puts it, “The hottest new programming language is English.”\\nConclusion\\nAs 2025 unfolds, vibe coding stands at the forefront of software development. From its roots in creative expression to its current applications across industries, vibe coding has proven its worth as more than just a passing trend. The tools we’ve explored offer pathways to efficiency, while best practices ensure your code resonates with users on multiple levels.\\nWhat’s clear is that vibe coding isn’t static — it’s growing alongside AI integration, expanding into creative industries, and reshaping how we think about human-computer interaction. The innovations we’re seeing today are just the beginning.\\nYour next steps? Start small by incorporating one vibe coding technique into your current project. Experiment with the tools mentioned. Join communities where knowledge flows freely. Most importantly, stay curious and adaptable.\\nThe question isn’t whether vibe coding will matter in your professional journey, but how quickly you’ll adapt to its possibilities. Those who embrace these changes now will find themselves leading rather than following.\\nThe code you write tomorrow will carry your unique signature — your vibe. Make it count.\\nVibe Coding\\nCoding\\nDevelopment\\nAI\\nArtificial Intelligence\\n\\n1\\n\\n1\\n\\n\\n\\nFollow\\nWritten by Bob Hutchins -----------------------\\n2.7K followers\\n·2.2K following\\nBridging Silicon and Soul. AI Advisor, Digital Strategy, Fractional CMO, The Human Voice Podcast, https://humanvoicemedia.com/\\nFollow\\nNo responses yet\\n\\n\\nWrite a response\\nWhat are your thoughts?\\nCancel\\nRespond\\nMore from Bob Hutchins\\n\\n\\nBob Hutchins\\nGen Z’s Social Search Revolution: How TikTok and Instagram Are Challenging Google --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ### Gen Z is increasingly treating social media platforms as search engines, preferring TikTok, Instagram, and other visual-first apps over…\\nApr 2\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nBob Hutchins\\nWhen the Mirror Talks Back: How ChatGPT’s Memory Is Unlocking a New Era of Self-Awareness ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ### Lately, I’ve been noticing a shift in the way people are talking about their use of generative AI tools like ChatGPT. Friends, colleagues…\\nApr 19\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nBob Hutchins\\nAI and the Creative Industry: A Paradox of Disruption and Empowerment --------------------------------------------------------------------- ### AI presents a fascinating paradox in the creative world. It disrupts traditional industries while simultaneously empowering individual…\\nMay 24, 2024\\n62\\n\\n\\n\\nBob Hutchins\\nThe Global Screen: Navigating Cultural Homogenization ----------------------------------------------------- ### In a time where our world increasingly exists on screens, we find ourselves participants in a grand, often unseen experiment. Our…\\nAug 30, 2024\\n4\\n\\nSee all from Bob Hutchins\\nRecommended from Medium\\n\\n\\nIn\\nCoding Beauty\\nby\\nTari Ibaba\\nThis new IDE from Google is an absolute game changer ---------------------------------------------------- ### This new IDE from Google is seriously revolutionary.\\nMar 11\\n5.2K 305\\n\\n\\n\\nShuyi Wang\\nWhere’s the Best Place for Prompts, Input, and Context? ------------------------------------------------------- ### Lazy folks need lazy solutions, haha.\\nApr 30\\n240 10\\n\\n\\n\\nIn\\nWrite10x\\nby\\nJames Presbitero Jr.\\nThe Only 7 Signs of AI Writing You Need to Remove in Your Text -------------------------------------------------------------- ### Never be accused of using AI again.\\nMar 11\\n11K 420\\n\\n\\n\\nIn\\nLearnAIforproft.com\\nby\\nNipuna Maduranga\\nYou Can Make Money With AI Without Quitting Your Job ---------------------------------------------------- ### I’m doing it, 2 hours a day\\nMar 25\\n9K 412\\n\\n\\n\\nIn\\nStackademic\\nby\\nBlend Visions\\n5 Best MCP Servers for Effortless Vibe Coding in 2025 🚀 -------------------------------------------------------- ### The time has come for you to maximize your coding process through enhanced productivity while gaining remarkable efficiency gains. The…\\nApr 27\\n508 7\\n\\n\\n\\nIn\\nCoding Nexus\\nby\\nAlgo Insights\\nGoogle’s 69-Page Prompt Engineering Masterclass: What’s Inside -------------------------------------------------------------- ### I’ve been writing about tech for three years, and let me tell you, nothing’s grabbed me quite like messing around with AI. These language…\\nApr 14\\n371 12\\n\\nSee more recommendations\\nHelp\\nStatus\\nAbout\\nCareers\\nPress\\nBlog\\nPrivacy\\nRules\\nTerms\\nText to speech\"}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Fostering Open Source Culture: Increase Innovation and Deliver ... - Intel\", \"url\": \"https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/articles/community/fostering-open-source-culture.html\", \"content\": \"Open source projects foster community engagement through various channels, including forums, mailing lists, and collaborative platforms like GitHub. ... It also helps bolster the influx of new contributors, enabling these open source projects to thrive in an ever-evolving landscape. Recognition plays a pivotal role in attracting and retaining\", \"score\": 0.6366926}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/open-source/guide.png\", \"image_description\": \"A cheerful group of diverse individuals is interacting in a friendly manner, symbolizing collaboration and community-building, with a focus on encouraging participation in open source projects.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.shakebugs.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/What-is-collaborative-coding-768x554.png\", \"image_description\": \"Two people collaborate in front of a large computer screen displaying code, while a third person reaches up to connect a gear, symbolizing teamwork in coding tasks.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://assets.website-files.com/5c3c1d73652ba045d765cdb1/5e1cea862226b08b3ff2ffd8_open_source.png\", \"image_description\": \"A stylized tree graphic features various logos of popular open-source projects and technologies, such as Git, WordPress, and MySQL, symbolizing a collaborative environment for community engagement and contribution in the tech community.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://opensource.guide/assets/images/cards/default.png\", \"image_description\": \"A diverse group of people engaged in various activities, including celebration, learning, and teamwork, represents the collaborative spirit of launching and growing open source projects.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.includehelp.com/foss/Images/open-source-development-model-1.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A flowchart outlines the OSS (Open Source Software) Community Development Process, showing interconnected steps such as \\\"Download and Install,\\\" \\\"End-Use,\\\" \\\"Manage Configuration,\\\" \\\"Develop OSS Code,\\\" \\\"Assert Requirements-Design,\\\" and \\\"Read, Analyze and Redesign,\\\" with a central emphasis on \\\"Communicate Experience.\\\"\"}]", "tool_call_id": "call_41kypvedmgoztna9k3v43x4h"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "Problem"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Statement"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Determine"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " how"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " affects"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " engagement"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " projects"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " including"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " its"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " impact"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " attracting"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " new"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " contributors"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " retaining"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " existing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " ones"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " fostering"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " an"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " inclusive"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " collaborative"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " environment"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " G"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ather"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " data"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " user"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " testimonials"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " statistics"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " trends"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "Research"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Findings"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "Att"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "racting"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " New"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Cont"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ributors"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " democrat"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ize"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " by"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " reducing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " barriers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " creating"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " This"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " allows"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " more"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " people"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " not"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " just"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " expert"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " cod"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " experiment"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " create"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " which"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " lead"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " surge"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "]."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " projects"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " that"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " prioritize"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " tend"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " attract"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " more"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " contributors"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "]."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "Ret"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "aining"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Existing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Cont"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ributors"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Companies"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " implementing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " see"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "%"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " better"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " retention"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " rates"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " which"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " could"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " potentially"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " translate"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " better"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " retention"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " contributors"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " projects"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " as"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " well"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "]."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "F"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ost"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ering"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " an"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " In"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "clusive"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Collaborative"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Environment"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " align"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "s"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " well"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " collaborative"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " nature"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " projects"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Tools"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " like"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Re"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "plit"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " which"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " are"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " associated"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " have"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " rich"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " collaboration"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " environment"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " diverse"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " user"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " base"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " that"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " often"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " includes"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " educational"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " teams"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " suitable"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " team"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " based"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " work"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "]."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "Community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Statistics"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Trends"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " In"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "7"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "%"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " developers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " were"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " using"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " assisted"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " tools"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " ("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "related"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " like"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " GitHub"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Cop"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ilot"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " regularly"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " trend"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " adopting"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " automate"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " generation"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " expected"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " continue"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " which"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " impact"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " workflows"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "]."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " By"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "7"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " it"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "’s"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " predicted"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " that"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " driven"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " tools"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " will"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " be"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " incorporated"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " into"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "%"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " processes"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " across"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " major"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " industries"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " enhancing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " efficiency"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " reducing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " project"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " tim"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "elines"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " by"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " up"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "%"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "]."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "Conclusion"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " has"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " positive"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " impact"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " engagement"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " projects"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " It"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " helps"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " attract"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " new"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " contributors"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " by"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " lowering"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " entry"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " barriers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " making"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " it"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " accessible"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " wider"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " audience"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " higher"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " retention"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " rates"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " associated"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " suggest"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " that"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " it"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " also"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " help"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " keep"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " existing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " contributors"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " involved"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Moreover"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " collaborative"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " tools"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " used"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " support"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " an"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " inclusive"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " collaborative"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " environment"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " growing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " trend"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " assisted"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " tools"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " as"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " seen"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " statistics"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " also"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " indicates"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " positive"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " outlook"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " communities"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " leveraging"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "References"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ":"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " New"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Trend"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Taking"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Over"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "www"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ".linkedin"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/p"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ulse"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-new"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-tr"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "end"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-taking"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-over"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-k"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ale"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ab"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-y"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "il"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ma"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-w"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "i"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "uj"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Trends"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " You"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "'t"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Ignore"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Bob"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Hutch"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ins"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "bob"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "h"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "utch"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ins"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ".m"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ed"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ium"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-tr"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ends"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-you"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ignore"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "e"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "9"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "f"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "7"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "8"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "4"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "F"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ost"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ering"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Culture"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ":"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Increase"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Innovation"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Deliver"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " ..."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Intel"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "www"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ".int"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "el"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/content"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/www"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/us"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/en"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "developer"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/articles"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/f"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ost"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ering"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ulture"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ".html"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "Images"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " !["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "A"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " cheerful"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " group"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " diverse"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " individuals"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "github"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ".github"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "assets"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/images"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/modules"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/site"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "guide"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ".png"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " !["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "Two"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " people"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " collaborating"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " front"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " computer"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " screen"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "www"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ".sh"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ake"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "bugs"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/wp"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-content"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/uploads"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "What"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-coll"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "abor"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ative"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "7"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "8"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "x"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "4"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ".png"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " !["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "A"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " styl"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ized"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " tree"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " graphic"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " logos"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "assets"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "website"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-files"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "d"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "7"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ba"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "4"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "d"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "7"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "cd"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "b"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "e"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "cea"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "8"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "b"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "8"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "b"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ff"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ff"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "d"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "8"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "_open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "_source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ".png"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " !["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "A"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " diverse"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " group"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " people"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " engaged"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " activities"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "opens"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ource"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ".g"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "u"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ide"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/assets"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/images"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "ards"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/default"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ".png"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " !["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "A"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " flowchart"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " O"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "SS"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": " Process"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "www"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "include"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "help"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/f"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "oss"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "Images"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "/open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-de"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "velopment"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-model"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ".jpg"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-1c25b214-350a-4547-a27b-aa2ab6017e38", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "stop"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant"}

event: tool_calls
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_calls": [{"name": "web_search", "args": {}, "id": "call_fz3mv6fyhdh99o663wgxk5iv", "type": "tool_call"}], "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": "web_search", "args": "", "id": "call_fz3mv6fyhdh99o663wgxk5iv", "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_calls
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_calls": [{"name": "", "args": {}, "id": null, "type": "tool_call"}], "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " {\"", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": "query", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": "\":", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " \"", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": "Long", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " -", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " term", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " and", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " future", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " -", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " oriented", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " contributions", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " of", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " vibe", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " coding", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " to", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " the", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " open", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " source", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " community", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": ",", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " including", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " technological", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " advancements", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": ",", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " scalability", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": ",", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " and", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " adapt", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": "ability", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " to", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " emerging", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " trends", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": ",", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " industry", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " forecasts", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": ",", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " research", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " papers", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": ",", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " and", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " thought", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " -", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " leadership", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": " articles", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_chunks
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": null, "args": "\"}", "id": null, "index": 0, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-a14e2bbc-5803-42d6-a28c-f19f9dbe2b03", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "tool_calls"}

event: tool_call_result
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "c6524c10-a07f-4ee9-818b-99c86df83bea", "role": "assistant", "content": "[{\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Vibe Coding: Evolution, Adoption, Challenges and Future Trends\", \"url\": \"https://ardor.cloud/blog/vibe-coding-evolution-adoption-challenges-future\", \"content\": \"Explore the evolution, adoption, challenges, and future of vibe coding. Learn how AI transforms the development process with rapid prototyping and the need for robust security, scalability, and maintainability.\\n\\nMar 7, 2025\\n\\nExplore the rapid rise of Model Context Protocol (MCP), its open-source projects, and how companies like Ardor, Anthropic, and Cloudflare are driving adoption.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025 [...] Explore the evolution, adoption, challenges, and future of vibe coding. Learn how AI transforms the development process with rapid prototyping and the need for robust security, scalability, and maintainability.\\n\\nMar 7, 2025\\n\\nExplore the rapid rise of Model Context Protocol (MCP), its open-source projects, and how companies like Ardor, Anthropic, and Cloudflare are driving adoption.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025 [...] Explore the evolution, adoption, challenges, and future of vibe coding. Learn how AI transforms the development process with rapid prototyping and the need for robust security, scalability, and maintainability.\\n\\nMar 7, 2025\\n\\nExplore the rapid rise of Model Context Protocol (MCP), its open-source projects, and how companies like Ardor, Anthropic, and Cloudflare are driving adoption.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025\", \"score\": 0.7336813, \"raw_content\": \"Home\\n\\nAI Agent Builder\\n\\nPricing\\n\\nResources\\n\\nAbout\\n\\nContact\\n\\nGet early access\\n\\nLetâs Talk\\n\\nLetâs Talk\\n\\nWork\\n\\nWhy Us\\n\\nServices\\n\\nProcess\\n\\nPricing\\n\\nFAQ\\n\\nHome\\n\\nAI Agent Builder\\n\\nPricing\\n\\nResources\\n\\nAbout\\n\\nContact\\n\\nGet early access\\n\\nLetâs Talk\\n\\nLetâs Talk\\n\\nWork\\n\\nWhy Us\\n\\nServices\\n\\nProcess\\n\\nPricing\\n\\nFAQ\\n\\nLetâs Talk\\n\\nLetâs Talk\\n\\nWork\\n\\nWhy Us\\n\\nServices\\n\\nProcess\\n\\nPricing\\n\\nFAQ\\n\\nApr 15, 2025\\n\\nDiscover how MCP and A2A protocols unlock multi-agent AI, enabling seamless tool integration and agent collaboration with code examples, industry perspectives, and practical insights.\\n\\nApr 8, 2025\\n\\nExplore vibe coding in our ultimate guideâlearn how AI-powered coding revolutionizes software development, builds agentic projects, and optimizes MVP creation with rapid prototyping and scalable deployments.\\n\\nMar 24, 2025\\n\\nA comprehensive guide for AI-assisted vibe coders on securing code from generation to production. Learn about top security risks, checklists, real-world examples, and the best tools to ensure your AI-powered apps are safe.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore the key differences between agentic AI and generative AI in 2025. Learn how autonomous decision-making systems versus content-generating AI are transforming industries, and get practical insights and best practices for business growth.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore a comprehensive comparison of scalable agent frameworks, covering modular design, state management challenges, and trends in AI agents. Learn best practices, frameworks like LangChain, AutoGen, and more.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore the evolution, adoption, challenges, and future of vibe coding. Learn how AI transforms the development process with rapid prototyping and the need for robust security, scalability, and maintainability.\\n\\nMar 7, 2025\\n\\nExplore the rapid rise of Model Context Protocol (MCP), its open-source projects, and how companies like Ardor, Anthropic, and Cloudflare are driving adoption.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025\\n\\nProtecting AI agents from security risks is crucial. This checklist outlines essential steps for safeguarding systems against data leaks, exploitation, and more.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025\\n\\nExplore the essential features for effective AI agent development tools to enhance efficiency, integration, and security in your projects.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nLearn essential strategies for scaling AI agents in enterprise applications, from optimizing cloud infrastructure to ensuring regular model updates.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore common challenges in AI agent deployment and discover practical solutions for integration, scaling, performance, and security.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nEffective AI agent monitoring is essential for optimizing performance, reducing errors, and ensuring efficient resource use in organizations.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore essential best practices for deploying AI agents in production, focusing on testing, scalability, security, and continuous improvement.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nLearn how to create your first AI agent with this step-by-step guide, covering goal setting, platform selection, and testing strategies.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore the key cloud platforms for AI agents, comparing their strengths, pricing, and best use cases for effective deployment.\\n\\nMar 3, 2025\\n\\nExplore the differences between low-code and traditional AI development to choose the best approach for your project needs.\\n\\nFeb 28, 2025\\n\\nLearn how to build, deploy, and manage AI Agents by understanding their two essential layers: the logical âBrainsâ for intelligence and decision-making, and the infrastructure âEngine Roomâ for reliable, scalable deployment. Discover how Ardor Cloud streamlines the entire AI Agent lifecycle.\\n\\nNov 14, 2024\\n\\nDiscover how Large Language Models (LLMs) work, from Transformers to pretraining and post-training. Learn how Google's Titan could revolutionize LLMs with multi-memory architecture, efficient long-context handling, and on-the-fly learning.\\n\\nNov 11, 2024\\n\\nExplore the evolution of AI agents, from manual control to fully autonomous systems. Learn how agentic systems like Ardor redefine software development with dynamic autonomy, hybrid architectures, and interactive environments for AI agents to thrive.\\n\\nLoad More\\n\\nApr 15, 2025\\n\\nDiscover how MCP and A2A protocols unlock multi-agent AI, enabling seamless tool integration and agent collaboration with code examples, industry perspectives, and practical insights.\\n\\nApr 8, 2025\\n\\nExplore vibe coding in our ultimate guideâlearn how AI-powered coding revolutionizes software development, builds agentic projects, and optimizes MVP creation with rapid prototyping and scalable deployments.\\n\\nMar 24, 2025\\n\\nA comprehensive guide for AI-assisted vibe coders on securing code from generation to production. Learn about top security risks, checklists, real-world examples, and the best tools to ensure your AI-powered apps are safe.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore the key differences between agentic AI and generative AI in 2025. Learn how autonomous decision-making systems versus content-generating AI are transforming industries, and get practical insights and best practices for business growth.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore a comprehensive comparison of scalable agent frameworks, covering modular design, state management challenges, and trends in AI agents. Learn best practices, frameworks like LangChain, AutoGen, and more.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore the evolution, adoption, challenges, and future of vibe coding. Learn how AI transforms the development process with rapid prototyping and the need for robust security, scalability, and maintainability.\\n\\nMar 7, 2025\\n\\nExplore the rapid rise of Model Context Protocol (MCP), its open-source projects, and how companies like Ardor, Anthropic, and Cloudflare are driving adoption.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025\\n\\nProtecting AI agents from security risks is crucial. This checklist outlines essential steps for safeguarding systems against data leaks, exploitation, and more.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025\\n\\nExplore the essential features for effective AI agent development tools to enhance efficiency, integration, and security in your projects.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nLearn essential strategies for scaling AI agents in enterprise applications, from optimizing cloud infrastructure to ensuring regular model updates.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore common challenges in AI agent deployment and discover practical solutions for integration, scaling, performance, and security.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nEffective AI agent monitoring is essential for optimizing performance, reducing errors, and ensuring efficient resource use in organizations.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore essential best practices for deploying AI agents in production, focusing on testing, scalability, security, and continuous improvement.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nLearn how to create your first AI agent with this step-by-step guide, covering goal setting, platform selection, and testing strategies.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore the key cloud platforms for AI agents, comparing their strengths, pricing, and best use cases for effective deployment.\\n\\nMar 3, 2025\\n\\nExplore the differences between low-code and traditional AI development to choose the best approach for your project needs.\\n\\nFeb 28, 2025\\n\\nLearn how to build, deploy, and manage AI Agents by understanding their two essential layers: the logical âBrainsâ for intelligence and decision-making, and the infrastructure âEngine Roomâ for reliable, scalable deployment. Discover how Ardor Cloud streamlines the entire AI Agent lifecycle.\\n\\nNov 14, 2024\\n\\nDiscover how Large Language Models (LLMs) work, from Transformers to pretraining and post-training. Learn how Google's Titan could revolutionize LLMs with multi-memory architecture, efficient long-context handling, and on-the-fly learning.\\n\\nNov 11, 2024\\n\\nExplore the evolution of AI agents, from manual control to fully autonomous systems. Learn how agentic systems like Ardor redefine software development with dynamic autonomy, hybrid architectures, and interactive environments for AI agents to thrive.\\n\\nLoad More\\n\\nApr 15, 2025\\n\\nDiscover how MCP and A2A protocols unlock multi-agent AI, enabling seamless tool integration and agent collaboration with code examples, industry perspectives, and practical insights.\\n\\nApr 8, 2025\\n\\nExplore vibe coding in our ultimate guideâlearn how AI-powered coding revolutionizes software development, builds agentic projects, and optimizes MVP creation with rapid prototyping and scalable deployments.\\n\\nMar 24, 2025\\n\\nA comprehensive guide for AI-assisted vibe coders on securing code from generation to production. Learn about top security risks, checklists, real-world examples, and the best tools to ensure your AI-powered apps are safe.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore the key differences between agentic AI and generative AI in 2025. Learn how autonomous decision-making systems versus content-generating AI are transforming industries, and get practical insights and best practices for business growth.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore a comprehensive comparison of scalable agent frameworks, covering modular design, state management challenges, and trends in AI agents. Learn best practices, frameworks like LangChain, AutoGen, and more.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore the evolution, adoption, challenges, and future of vibe coding. Learn how AI transforms the development process with rapid prototyping and the need for robust security, scalability, and maintainability.\\n\\nMar 7, 2025\\n\\nExplore the rapid rise of Model Context Protocol (MCP), its open-source projects, and how companies like Ardor, Anthropic, and Cloudflare are driving adoption.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025\\n\\nProtecting AI agents from security risks is crucial. This checklist outlines essential steps for safeguarding systems against data leaks, exploitation, and more.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025\\n\\nExplore the essential features for effective AI agent development tools to enhance efficiency, integration, and security in your projects.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nLearn essential strategies for scaling AI agents in enterprise applications, from optimizing cloud infrastructure to ensuring regular model updates.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore common challenges in AI agent deployment and discover practical solutions for integration, scaling, performance, and security.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nEffective AI agent monitoring is essential for optimizing performance, reducing errors, and ensuring efficient resource use in organizations.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore essential best practices for deploying AI agents in production, focusing on testing, scalability, security, and continuous improvement.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nLearn how to create your first AI agent with this step-by-step guide, covering goal setting, platform selection, and testing strategies.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore the key cloud platforms for AI agents, comparing their strengths, pricing, and best use cases for effective deployment.\\n\\nMar 3, 2025\\n\\nExplore the differences between low-code and traditional AI development to choose the best approach for your project needs.\\n\\nFeb 28, 2025\\n\\nLearn how to build, deploy, and manage AI Agents by understanding their two essential layers: the logical âBrainsâ for intelligence and decision-making, and the infrastructure âEngine Roomâ for reliable, scalable deployment. Discover how Ardor Cloud streamlines the entire AI Agent lifecycle.\\n\\nNov 14, 2024\\n\\nDiscover how Large Language Models (LLMs) work, from Transformers to pretraining and post-training. Learn how Google's Titan could revolutionize LLMs with multi-memory architecture, efficient long-context handling, and on-the-fly learning.\\n\\nNov 11, 2024\\n\\nExplore the evolution of AI agents, from manual control to fully autonomous systems. Learn how agentic systems like Ardor redefine software development with dynamic autonomy, hybrid architectures, and interactive environments for AI agents to thrive.\\n\\nLoad More\\n\\nApr 15, 2025\\n\\nDiscover how MCP and A2A protocols unlock multi-agent AI, enabling seamless tool integration and agent collaboration with code examples, industry perspectives, and practical insights.\\n\\nApr 8, 2025\\n\\nExplore vibe coding in our ultimate guideâlearn how AI-powered coding revolutionizes software development, builds agentic projects, and optimizes MVP creation with rapid prototyping and scalable deployments.\\n\\nMar 24, 2025\\n\\nA comprehensive guide for AI-assisted vibe coders on securing code from generation to production. Learn about top security risks, checklists, real-world examples, and the best tools to ensure your AI-powered apps are safe.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore the key differences between agentic AI and generative AI in 2025. Learn how autonomous decision-making systems versus content-generating AI are transforming industries, and get practical insights and best practices for business growth.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore a comprehensive comparison of scalable agent frameworks, covering modular design, state management challenges, and trends in AI agents. Learn best practices, frameworks like LangChain, AutoGen, and more.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore the evolution, adoption, challenges, and future of vibe coding. Learn how AI transforms the development process with rapid prototyping and the need for robust security, scalability, and maintainability.\\n\\nMar 7, 2025\\n\\nExplore the rapid rise of Model Context Protocol (MCP), its open-source projects, and how companies like Ardor, Anthropic, and Cloudflare are driving adoption.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025\\n\\nProtecting AI agents from security risks is crucial. This checklist outlines essential steps for safeguarding systems against data leaks, exploitation, and more.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025\\n\\nExplore the essential features for effective AI agent development tools to enhance efficiency, integration, and security in your projects.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nLearn essential strategies for scaling AI agents in enterprise applications, from optimizing cloud infrastructure to ensuring regular model updates.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore common challenges in AI agent deployment and discover practical solutions for integration, scaling, performance, and security.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nEffective AI agent monitoring is essential for optimizing performance, reducing errors, and ensuring efficient resource use in organizations.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore essential best practices for deploying AI agents in production, focusing on testing, scalability, security, and continuous improvement.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nLearn how to create your first AI agent with this step-by-step guide, covering goal setting, platform selection, and testing strategies.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore the key cloud platforms for AI agents, comparing their strengths, pricing, and best use cases for effective deployment.\\n\\nMar 3, 2025\\n\\nExplore the differences between low-code and traditional AI development to choose the best approach for your project needs.\\n\\nFeb 28, 2025\\n\\nLearn how to build, deploy, and manage AI Agents by understanding their two essential layers: the logical âBrainsâ for intelligence and decision-making, and the infrastructure âEngine Roomâ for reliable, scalable deployment. Discover how Ardor Cloud streamlines the entire AI Agent lifecycle.\\n\\nNov 14, 2024\\n\\nDiscover how Large Language Models (LLMs) work, from Transformers to pretraining and post-training. Learn how Google's Titan could revolutionize LLMs with multi-memory architecture, efficient long-context handling, and on-the-fly learning.\\n\\nNov 11, 2024\\n\\nExplore the evolution of AI agents, from manual control to fully autonomous systems. Learn how agentic systems like Ardor redefine software development with dynamic autonomy, hybrid architectures, and interactive environments for AI agents to thrive.\\n\\nLoad More\\n\\nApr 15, 2025\\n\\nDiscover how MCP and A2A protocols unlock multi-agent AI, enabling seamless tool integration and agent collaboration with code examples, industry perspectives, and practical insights.\\n\\nApr 8, 2025\\n\\nExplore vibe coding in our ultimate guideâlearn how AI-powered coding revolutionizes software development, builds agentic projects, and optimizes MVP creation with rapid prototyping and scalable deployments.\\n\\nMar 24, 2025\\n\\nA comprehensive guide for AI-assisted vibe coders on securing code from generation to production. Learn about top security risks, checklists, real-world examples, and the best tools to ensure your AI-powered apps are safe.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore the key differences between agentic AI and generative AI in 2025. Learn how autonomous decision-making systems versus content-generating AI are transforming industries, and get practical insights and best practices for business growth.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore a comprehensive comparison of scalable agent frameworks, covering modular design, state management challenges, and trends in AI agents. Learn best practices, frameworks like LangChain, AutoGen, and more.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore the evolution, adoption, challenges, and future of vibe coding. Learn how AI transforms the development process with rapid prototyping and the need for robust security, scalability, and maintainability.\\n\\nMar 7, 2025\\n\\nExplore the rapid rise of Model Context Protocol (MCP), its open-source projects, and how companies like Ardor, Anthropic, and Cloudflare are driving adoption.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025\\n\\nProtecting AI agents from security risks is crucial. This checklist outlines essential steps for safeguarding systems against data leaks, exploitation, and more.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025\\n\\nExplore the essential features for effective AI agent development tools to enhance efficiency, integration, and security in your projects.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nLearn essential strategies for scaling AI agents in enterprise applications, from optimizing cloud infrastructure to ensuring regular model updates.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore common challenges in AI agent deployment and discover practical solutions for integration, scaling, performance, and security.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nEffective AI agent monitoring is essential for optimizing performance, reducing errors, and ensuring efficient resource use in organizations.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore essential best practices for deploying AI agents in production, focusing on testing, scalability, security, and continuous improvement.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nLearn how to create your first AI agent with this step-by-step guide, covering goal setting, platform selection, and testing strategies.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore the key cloud platforms for AI agents, comparing their strengths, pricing, and best use cases for effective deployment.\\n\\nMar 3, 2025\\n\\nExplore the differences between low-code and traditional AI development to choose the best approach for your project needs.\\n\\nFeb 28, 2025\\n\\nLearn how to build, deploy, and manage AI Agents by understanding their two essential layers: the logical âBrainsâ for intelligence and decision-making, and the infrastructure âEngine Roomâ for reliable, scalable deployment. Discover how Ardor Cloud streamlines the entire AI Agent lifecycle.\\n\\nNov 14, 2024\\n\\nDiscover how Large Language Models (LLMs) work, from Transformers to pretraining and post-training. Learn how Google's Titan could revolutionize LLMs with multi-memory architecture, efficient long-context handling, and on-the-fly learning.\\n\\nNov 11, 2024\\n\\nExplore the evolution of AI agents, from manual control to fully autonomous systems. Learn how agentic systems like Ardor redefine software development with dynamic autonomy, hybrid architectures, and interactive environments for AI agents to thrive.\\n\\nLoad More\\n\\nVibe Coding: Evolution, Adoption, Challenges and Future Trends\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nby Michel PadrÃ³n\\n\\nby Michel PadrÃ³n\\n\\nby Michel PadrÃ³n\\n\\nby Michel PadrÃ³n\\n\\nVibe coding is rapidly emerging as one of the most revolutionary trends in modern software development. It harnesses the power of AI to transform natural language prompts into working code. In this blog post, we dive deep into the evolution, adoption, challenges, and future possibilities of vibe coding. We compare its journey with similar AI-assisted development platforms and discuss how platforms like Ardor Cloud are building robust infrastructures to bridge the gap between rapid prototyping and production-grade applications.\\n\\nThe content below is backed by various academic studies, industry reports, and expert analyses. Multiple references are provided for further reading and fact verification.\\n\\nEvolution and Introduction to Vibe Coding\\n\\nAI-assisted coding has evolved from early academic experiments into tools that have now become mainstream, setting the stage for what is called vibe coding. In the late 2010s, early experiments such as Microsoft and University of Cambridgeâs DeepCoder demonstrated that neural networks could synthesize code from input-output examples. DeepCoderâs initial research proved that aspects of coding could be automated, despite being limited in complexity.\\n\\nFast-forward to 2021, when OpenAI introduced Codex, a 12-billion-parameter model that translates natural language instructions into code. Codex, which later powered GitHub Copilot, was able to solve about 70% of programming tasks[^1][^2]. This milestone proved that large language models (LLMs) could generate working and often correct code for general programming tasks.\\n\\nAndre Karpathy, former Tesla AI lead and OpenAI co-founder, famously commented that \\\"the hottest new programming language is English,\\\" emphasizing that developers can now build projects simply by describing what they want the software to do.\\n\\nBy early 2025, the term vibe coding was coined to describe this trendâa style of programming where the developer provides high-level natural language instructions while the AI does the heavy lifting in code generation. As described by Karpathy in his viral post on X (formerly Twitter), vibe coding represents a carefree, exploratory method of software creation where one can \\\"give in to the vibes\\\" and let the AI produce code based solely on a few sentences of direction.\\n\\nThe evolution from early experiments like DeepCoder to the broader adoption of Codex and ChatGPT-based systems marks a significant paradigm shift. The programmerâs role is transforming from writing detailed code to prompting, reviewing, and testing AI-generated outputs.\\n\\nRecent Trends and Growing Adoption\\n\\nSince its inception, vibe coding has seen a rapid surge in popularity, particularly in the startup ecosystem. Recent batches of Y Combinator startups indicate that roughly one-quarter of founders rely on AI to generate up to 95% of their codebase. These startups can now achieve what traditionally required large teamsâ10 engineers accomplishing the work of 50 to 100.\\n\\nIndividual developers and non-developers alike are joining this movement. Social media platforms are filled with testimonials from solo creators who built websites, mobile apps, and even complex projects in a matter of hours using simple natural-language prompts. One anecdote describes a developer building a QR Code Generator plugin in about four hours by interacting with an AI coding assistant like Cursor. The iterative process of generating code, adjusting prompts, and testing results has dramatically shortened development cycles.\\n\\nMajor platforms such as GitHub Copilot, Replitâs Ghostwriter/Agent, OpenAIâs ChatGPT, and Anthropicâs Claude have integrated conversational interfaces that facilitate this new style of coding. These tools enable developers to request entire functions or even full project structures using conversation. The ease of generating a working prototype from a description is reshaping how startups validate ideas and innovate rapidly.\\n\\nOn the quantitative side, GitHub Copilot reported over 1.3 million users by early 2024, illustrating that the appetite for AI-assisted development tools has grown steadily even before the buzz around vibe coding took off.\\n\\nChallenges in Vibe Coding\\n\\nWhile vibe coding opens new horizons in rapid prototyping and lowers the barrier for software creation, it also introduces significant challenges. Concerns include architecture and maintainability, scalability, and security vulnerabilities. Below are the main challenges:\\n\\nArchitecture and Maintainability Issues: A critical challenge with AI-generated code is the quality of the resulting architecture. Although the AI can produce working code quickly, it often relies on piecemeal fixes and ad-hoc patches that lead to technical debt over time. Continuously prompting the AI for adjustments can result in convoluted codebases with workarounds and inconsistent design patterns. Studies have noted that without disciplined human oversight, the rapidly generated code from tools like GitHub Copilot frequently contains duplications and lacks refactoring best practices. Experienced developers emphasize that the AI does not suffer the consequences of messy codeâit generates solutions, but these solutions often do not adhere to good software design principles, leaving human programmers to later refactor the final product for maintainability.\\n\\nScalability Problems: Vibe coding works best for quickly prototyping simple projects with clear requirements. When these prototypes evolve into scalable, production-grade systems, issues arise. AI-generated prototypes may be inefficient or not optimized for handling large workloads. Experts observe that as more code is generated, inefficiencies become pronounced; AI-generated code often uses more computational resources due to a lack of optimization for speed or resource usage. Additionally, these projects frequently lack comprehensive error handling and deliberate architectural planning, making them less suitable for mission-critical systems without significant additional engineering.\\n\\nSecurity Vulnerabilities: One of the most urgent concerns with vibe coding is the risk of security vulnerabilities. AI-generated code can inadvertently introduce weaknessesâsuch as outdated libraries, insecure coding patterns, or missing security checksâbecause these vulnerabilities may exist in the training datasets. Research by NYU's Center for Cyber Security revealed that approximately 40% of the code generated by GitHub Copilot contained security vulnerabilities that attackers could potentially exploit[^7][^8]. Vulnerabilities include insecure password storage, lack of input sanitization leading to SQL injection or cross-site scripting (XSS), and weak API security protocols. The ease of obtaining code that \\\"mostly works\\\" can lull developers into a false sense of security. Non-expert developers might deploy applications that expose sensitive data or allow unauthorized access. The community mantra is to \\\"trust, but verify,\\\" which means even AI-assisted code must undergo thorough audits and security reinforcement.\\n\\nPlatform Solutions: Bridging the Gap\\n\\nTo address the challenges of vibe coding, several platforms and tools have emerged that support AI-assisted development while mitigating its weaknesses. These solutions integrate rapid AI-driven prototyping with robust software engineering practices.\\n\\nEnd-to-End AI-First Platforms: Ardor Cloud is an innovative AI-first cloud development platform designed to bridge the gap between rapid prototype generation and secure, scalable production software. Rather than simply generating code, Ardor Cloud provides a full lifecycle management environment. The integrated system supports version control, continuous integration/continuous deployment (CI/CD), and real-time observability, ensuring that every piece of codeâwhether generated by AI or refined by developersâadheres to rigorous standards. It leverages modern tools such as Kubernetes, Knative, and Kafka within a serverless architecture to scale on demand. The platform monitors logs, enforces security configurations, and includes guardrails for code quality so that the AI-generated output is refined for performance and security.\\n\\nSpecialized AI Code Optimization Tools: Tools like TurinTechâs Artemis are designed to analyze and optimize entire codebases produced through vibe coding. Artemis automatically detects performance bottlenecks and redundant code, then refactors and enhances the code to meet robust security and efficiency standards. This dual approachâusing AI for code generation and optimizationâsuggests a future where AI functions as both a code generator and an automated reviewer, continuously improving software quality.\\n\\nAdditional Tools and Guardrails: The growing ecosystem includes AI-driven test case generators, automated static analysis tools, and security scanners such as Snyk. These solutions add an extra layer of verification after code generation. By integrating these tools into a CI/CD pipeline, developers can ensure that each iteration of the code meets stringent quality and security checks. Combining rapid prototyping with disciplined workflows allows even non-developers and smaller teams to leverage AI without sacrificing long-term maintainability and security.\\n\\nFuture Challenges and Considerations\\n\\nLooking ahead, the evolution and adoption of vibe coding will rely on improvements in several key areas. Experts are optimistic about AIâs potential to further transform coding practices, yet they remain realistic about its current constraints. Some future challenges and trends include:\\n\\nImprovements in Usability and Interfaces: Presently, vibe coding is primarily conducted through text prompts. In the future, more intuitive interfaces such as visual, GUI-based, or voice-driven systems could democratize software creation further, empowering designers, product managers, and non-technical users. As the user base expands, ensuring that rapid prototype outputs are secure and verified will become increasingly important.\\n\\nHandling AI Model Updates and Consistency: AI models are continually updated and refined. When developers depend on a specific model, changes in its behavior can disrupt workflows. Future best practices may include versioning AI models or archiving prompt-response interactions to maintain traceability. Ensuring consistency across large codebases will require vigilant human oversight to integrate code components cohesively.\\n\\nEvolving Developer Skill Sets: The rise of vibe coding shifts the focus from writing extensive code to coaching AI systems. While converting natural language to code is empowering, there is concern that overreliance on AI could erode core programming skills among new developers. In this new model, developers serve as guides and editors for AI-generated code. Educational curricula and training programs will need to evolve to emphasize understanding code functionality and debugging AI shortcomings.\\n\\nEthical and Legal Dimensions: As AI becomes central to software development, questions of intellectual property, copyright, and legal liability emerge. For example, who is accountable if an AI-generated code snippet results in a security breach? What legal implications arise when AI inadvertently incorporates copyrighted material? These ethical and legal challenges are prompting the development of industry standards and certifications focused on quality, security, and ethical AI usage.\\n\\nConclusion and Recommendations\\n\\nVibe coding represents a major leap in software development. The rapid evolution from early AI experiments to mainstream tools that generate working code from simple natural-language prompts is reshaping prototyping and early-stage development. Startups leverage these tools to remain lean and agile, while individual creators quickly prototype ideas that once required large development teams.\\n\\nHowever, rapid prototyping brings challenges. Vibe coding can create technical debt, scalability issues, and security vulnerabilities that need deliberate human oversight. It is essential to combine the strengths of AI-generated code with robust practices and complementary tools.\\n\\nKey Recommendations:\\n\\nUse vibe coding for rapid prototyping and proof-of-concept development. Do not treat it as a plug-and-play solution for mission-critical applications.\\n\\nIncorporate human oversight by reviewing and refactoring AI-generated code as if it were a junior developerâs contribution.\\n\\nAdopt quality and security tools such as static analysis, security scanning, and automated testing to catch vulnerabilities early.\\n\\nImplement structured development practices with version control, CI/CD pipelines, and proper documentation to ensure maintainability as projects scale.\\n\\nPlan for scaling and maintenance: even if 80% of an application is generated quickly, the remaining 20% will require detailed refinement and planning.\\n\\nLeverage robust platforms like Ardor Cloud which combine fast AI-assisted coding with essential software engineering practices, including automated deployment, constant monitoring, and adherence to security best practices.\\n\\nVibe coding is not a fleeting trend but a transformative approach to software development. Its potential to democratize coding is immense, enabling rapid prototyping and faster iteration. Nonetheless, addressing challenges in scalability, maintainability, and security is critical.\\n\\nFor those intrigued by vibe coding, experiment with AI-assisted tools while building a robust development process around them. Whether youâre a non-developer with a groundbreaking idea or a startup founder looking to accelerate your MVP, consider platforms that offer the best of both worlds.\\n\\nFor more insights on integrating AI-driven code generation with rigorous software engineering practices, explore Ardor Cloud. Embrace the future of coding with a careful focus on quality and security.\\n\\nFAQ\\n\\nWhat exactly is vibe coding?\\n\\nVibe coding is an AI-driven approach where developers use natural language prompts to generate code. It shifts the developerâs role from writing every line to guiding, reviewing, and testing AI-generated outputs.\\n\\nCan vibe coding replace traditional programming entirely?\\n\\nAlthough vibe coding significantly accelerates prototyping, it is not a silver bullet. Critical aspects such as maintainability, scalability, and security still require rigorous human oversight, making it a complement rather than a replacement for traditional programming.\\n\\nAre there risks associated with using AI-generated code?\\n\\nYes. Studies have shown that a significant portion of AI-generated code can include security vulnerabilities or structural issues. Using static analysis, code reviews, and integrated development platforms that enforce coding standards is essential to mitigate these risks.\\n\\nHow do platforms like Ardor Cloud help with vibe coding challenges?\\n\\nPlatforms such as Ardor Cloud provide an all-in-one ecosystem that integrates AI code generation with robust DevOps practices. They manage infrastructure, CI/CD pipelines, security hardening, and automated testing to ensure that rapidly generated prototypes become maintainable and secure applications.\\n\\nWho should consider using vibe coding techniques?\\n\\nVibe coding can be valuable for startups, non-developers, and even seasoned engineers looking to quickly prototype ideas. However, deploying AI-generated code in production should only occur after thorough reviews, testing, and optimization.\\n\\nFinal Remarks\\n\\nVibe coding is set to redefine how software is created. While this approach introduces a new paradigm for rapid development, it is vital to balance AI creativity with disciplined engineering practices. Stay informed about the latest AI-driven development tools, engage in community discussions, and continuously refine your workflow.\\n\\nFor more insights on merging AI-powered coding with enterprise-grade processes, follow our updates and explore platforms like Ardor Cloud.\\n\\nStill waitinâ for something?\\n\\nGo from prompt to product now.\\n\\nGet early access\\n\\nStill waitinâ for something?\\n\\nGo from prompt to product now.\\n\\nGet early access\\n\\nStill waitinâ for something?\\n\\nGo from prompt to product now.\\n\\nGet early access\\n\\nStill waitinâ for something?\\n\\nGo from prompt to product now.\\n\\nGet early access\\n\\nStill waitinâ for something?\\n\\nGo from prompt to product now.\\n\\nGet early access\\n\\nStill waitinâ for something?\\n\\nGo from prompt to product now.\\n\\nGet early access\\n\\nStill waitinâ for something?\\n\\nGo from prompt to product now.\\n\\nGet early access\\n\\nStill waitinâ for something?\\n\\nGo from prompt to product now.\\n\\nGet early access\\n\\nApr 15, 2025\\n\\nDiscover how MCP and A2A protocols unlock multi-agent AI, enabling seamless tool integration and agent collaboration with code examples, industry perspectives, and practical insights.\\n\\nApr 8, 2025\\n\\nExplore vibe coding in our ultimate guideâlearn how AI-powered coding revolutionizes software development, builds agentic projects, and optimizes MVP creation with rapid prototyping and scalable deployments.\\n\\nMar 24, 2025\\n\\nA comprehensive guide for AI-assisted vibe coders on securing code from generation to production. Learn about top security risks, checklists, real-world examples, and the best tools to ensure your AI-powered apps are safe.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore the key differences between agentic AI and generative AI in 2025. Learn how autonomous decision-making systems versus content-generating AI are transforming industries, and get practical insights and best practices for business growth.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore a comprehensive comparison of scalable agent frameworks, covering modular design, state management challenges, and trends in AI agents. Learn best practices, frameworks like LangChain, AutoGen, and more.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore the evolution, adoption, challenges, and future of vibe coding. Learn how AI transforms the development process with rapid prototyping and the need for robust security, scalability, and maintainability.\\n\\nMar 7, 2025\\n\\nExplore the rapid rise of Model Context Protocol (MCP), its open-source projects, and how companies like Ardor, Anthropic, and Cloudflare are driving adoption.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025\\n\\nProtecting AI agents from security risks is crucial. This checklist outlines essential steps for safeguarding systems against data leaks, exploitation, and more.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025\\n\\nExplore the essential features for effective AI agent development tools to enhance efficiency, integration, and security in your projects.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nLearn essential strategies for scaling AI agents in enterprise applications, from optimizing cloud infrastructure to ensuring regular model updates.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore common challenges in AI agent deployment and discover practical solutions for integration, scaling, performance, and security.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nEffective AI agent monitoring is essential for optimizing performance, reducing errors, and ensuring efficient resource use in organizations.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore essential best practices for deploying AI agents in production, focusing on testing, scalability, security, and continuous improvement.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nLearn how to create your first AI agent with this step-by-step guide, covering goal setting, platform selection, and testing strategies.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore the key cloud platforms for AI agents, comparing their strengths, pricing, and best use cases for effective deployment.\\n\\nMar 3, 2025\\n\\nExplore the differences between low-code and traditional AI development to choose the best approach for your project needs.\\n\\nFeb 28, 2025\\n\\nLearn how to build, deploy, and manage AI Agents by understanding their two essential layers: the logical âBrainsâ for intelligence and decision-making, and the infrastructure âEngine Roomâ for reliable, scalable deployment. Discover how Ardor Cloud streamlines the entire AI Agent lifecycle.\\n\\nNov 14, 2024\\n\\nDiscover how Large Language Models (LLMs) work, from Transformers to pretraining and post-training. Learn how Google's Titan could revolutionize LLMs with multi-memory architecture, efficient long-context handling, and on-the-fly learning.\\n\\nNov 11, 2024\\n\\nExplore the evolution of AI agents, from manual control to fully autonomous systems. Learn how agentic systems like Ardor redefine software development with dynamic autonomy, hybrid architectures, and interactive environments for AI agents to thrive.\\n\\nLoad More\\n\\nApr 15, 2025\\n\\nDiscover how MCP and A2A protocols unlock multi-agent AI, enabling seamless tool integration and agent collaboration with code examples, industry perspectives, and practical insights.\\n\\nApr 8, 2025\\n\\nExplore vibe coding in our ultimate guideâlearn how AI-powered coding revolutionizes software development, builds agentic projects, and optimizes MVP creation with rapid prototyping and scalable deployments.\\n\\nMar 24, 2025\\n\\nA comprehensive guide for AI-assisted vibe coders on securing code from generation to production. Learn about top security risks, checklists, real-world examples, and the best tools to ensure your AI-powered apps are safe.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore the key differences between agentic AI and generative AI in 2025. Learn how autonomous decision-making systems versus content-generating AI are transforming industries, and get practical insights and best practices for business growth.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore a comprehensive comparison of scalable agent frameworks, covering modular design, state management challenges, and trends in AI agents. Learn best practices, frameworks like LangChain, AutoGen, and more.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore the evolution, adoption, challenges, and future of vibe coding. Learn how AI transforms the development process with rapid prototyping and the need for robust security, scalability, and maintainability.\\n\\nMar 7, 2025\\n\\nExplore the rapid rise of Model Context Protocol (MCP), its open-source projects, and how companies like Ardor, Anthropic, and Cloudflare are driving adoption.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025\\n\\nProtecting AI agents from security risks is crucial. This checklist outlines essential steps for safeguarding systems against data leaks, exploitation, and more.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025\\n\\nExplore the essential features for effective AI agent development tools to enhance efficiency, integration, and security in your projects.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nLearn essential strategies for scaling AI agents in enterprise applications, from optimizing cloud infrastructure to ensuring regular model updates.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore common challenges in AI agent deployment and discover practical solutions for integration, scaling, performance, and security.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nEffective AI agent monitoring is essential for optimizing performance, reducing errors, and ensuring efficient resource use in organizations.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore essential best practices for deploying AI agents in production, focusing on testing, scalability, security, and continuous improvement.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nLearn how to create your first AI agent with this step-by-step guide, covering goal setting, platform selection, and testing strategies.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore the key cloud platforms for AI agents, comparing their strengths, pricing, and best use cases for effective deployment.\\n\\nMar 3, 2025\\n\\nExplore the differences between low-code and traditional AI development to choose the best approach for your project needs.\\n\\nFeb 28, 2025\\n\\nLearn how to build, deploy, and manage AI Agents by understanding their two essential layers: the logical âBrainsâ for intelligence and decision-making, and the infrastructure âEngine Roomâ for reliable, scalable deployment. Discover how Ardor Cloud streamlines the entire AI Agent lifecycle.\\n\\nNov 14, 2024\\n\\nDiscover how Large Language Models (LLMs) work, from Transformers to pretraining and post-training. Learn how Google's Titan could revolutionize LLMs with multi-memory architecture, efficient long-context handling, and on-the-fly learning.\\n\\nNov 11, 2024\\n\\nExplore the evolution of AI agents, from manual control to fully autonomous systems. Learn how agentic systems like Ardor redefine software development with dynamic autonomy, hybrid architectures, and interactive environments for AI agents to thrive.\\n\\nLoad More\\n\\nApr 15, 2025\\n\\nDiscover how MCP and A2A protocols unlock multi-agent AI, enabling seamless tool integration and agent collaboration with code examples, industry perspectives, and practical insights.\\n\\nApr 8, 2025\\n\\nExplore vibe coding in our ultimate guideâlearn how AI-powered coding revolutionizes software development, builds agentic projects, and optimizes MVP creation with rapid prototyping and scalable deployments.\\n\\nMar 24, 2025\\n\\nA comprehensive guide for AI-assisted vibe coders on securing code from generation to production. Learn about top security risks, checklists, real-world examples, and the best tools to ensure your AI-powered apps are safe.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore the key differences between agentic AI and generative AI in 2025. Learn how autonomous decision-making systems versus content-generating AI are transforming industries, and get practical insights and best practices for business growth.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore a comprehensive comparison of scalable agent frameworks, covering modular design, state management challenges, and trends in AI agents. Learn best practices, frameworks like LangChain, AutoGen, and more.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore the evolution, adoption, challenges, and future of vibe coding. Learn how AI transforms the development process with rapid prototyping and the need for robust security, scalability, and maintainability.\\n\\nMar 7, 2025\\n\\nExplore the rapid rise of Model Context Protocol (MCP), its open-source projects, and how companies like Ardor, Anthropic, and Cloudflare are driving adoption.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025\\n\\nProtecting AI agents from security risks is crucial. This checklist outlines essential steps for safeguarding systems against data leaks, exploitation, and more.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025\\n\\nExplore the essential features for effective AI agent development tools to enhance efficiency, integration, and security in your projects.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nLearn essential strategies for scaling AI agents in enterprise applications, from optimizing cloud infrastructure to ensuring regular model updates.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore common challenges in AI agent deployment and discover practical solutions for integration, scaling, performance, and security.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nEffective AI agent monitoring is essential for optimizing performance, reducing errors, and ensuring efficient resource use in organizations.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore essential best practices for deploying AI agents in production, focusing on testing, scalability, security, and continuous improvement.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nLearn how to create your first AI agent with this step-by-step guide, covering goal setting, platform selection, and testing strategies.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore the key cloud platforms for AI agents, comparing their strengths, pricing, and best use cases for effective deployment.\\n\\nMar 3, 2025\\n\\nExplore the differences between low-code and traditional AI development to choose the best approach for your project needs.\\n\\nFeb 28, 2025\\n\\nLearn how to build, deploy, and manage AI Agents by understanding their two essential layers: the logical âBrainsâ for intelligence and decision-making, and the infrastructure âEngine Roomâ for reliable, scalable deployment. Discover how Ardor Cloud streamlines the entire AI Agent lifecycle.\\n\\nNov 14, 2024\\n\\nDiscover how Large Language Models (LLMs) work, from Transformers to pretraining and post-training. Learn how Google's Titan could revolutionize LLMs with multi-memory architecture, efficient long-context handling, and on-the-fly learning.\\n\\nNov 11, 2024\\n\\nExplore the evolution of AI agents, from manual control to fully autonomous systems. Learn how agentic systems like Ardor redefine software development with dynamic autonomy, hybrid architectures, and interactive environments for AI agents to thrive.\\n\\nLoad More\\n\\nApr 15, 2025\\n\\nDiscover how MCP and A2A protocols unlock multi-agent AI, enabling seamless tool integration and agent collaboration with code examples, industry perspectives, and practical insights.\\n\\nApr 8, 2025\\n\\nExplore vibe coding in our ultimate guideâlearn how AI-powered coding revolutionizes software development, builds agentic projects, and optimizes MVP creation with rapid prototyping and scalable deployments.\\n\\nMar 24, 2025\\n\\nA comprehensive guide for AI-assisted vibe coders on securing code from generation to production. Learn about top security risks, checklists, real-world examples, and the best tools to ensure your AI-powered apps are safe.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore the key differences between agentic AI and generative AI in 2025. Learn how autonomous decision-making systems versus content-generating AI are transforming industries, and get practical insights and best practices for business growth.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore a comprehensive comparison of scalable agent frameworks, covering modular design, state management challenges, and trends in AI agents. Learn best practices, frameworks like LangChain, AutoGen, and more.\\n\\nMar 18, 2025\\n\\nExplore the evolution, adoption, challenges, and future of vibe coding. Learn how AI transforms the development process with rapid prototyping and the need for robust security, scalability, and maintainability.\\n\\nMar 7, 2025\\n\\nExplore the rapid rise of Model Context Protocol (MCP), its open-source projects, and how companies like Ardor, Anthropic, and Cloudflare are driving adoption.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025\\n\\nProtecting AI agents from security risks is crucial. This checklist outlines essential steps for safeguarding systems against data leaks, exploitation, and more.\\n\\nMar 6, 2025\\n\\nExplore the essential features for effective AI agent development tools to enhance efficiency, integration, and security in your projects.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nLearn essential strategies for scaling AI agents in enterprise applications, from optimizing cloud infrastructure to ensuring regular model updates.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore common challenges in AI agent deployment and discover practical solutions for integration, scaling, performance, and security.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nEffective AI agent monitoring is essential for optimizing performance, reducing errors, and ensuring efficient resource use in organizations.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore essential best practices for deploying AI agents in production, focusing on testing, scalability, security, and continuous improvement.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nLearn how to create your first AI agent with this step-by-step guide, covering goal setting, platform selection, and testing strategies.\\n\\nMar 4, 2025\\n\\nExplore the key cloud platforms for AI agents, comparing their strengths, pricing, and best use cases for effective deployment.\\n\\nMar 3, 2025\\n\\nExplore the differences between low-code and traditional AI development to choose the best approach for your project needs.\\n\\nFeb 28, 2025\\n\\nLearn how to build, deploy, and manage AI Agents by understanding their two essential layers: the logical âBrainsâ for intelligence and decision-making, and the infrastructure âEngine Roomâ for reliable, scalable deployment. Discover how Ardor Cloud streamlines the entire AI Agent lifecycle.\\n\\nNov 14, 2024\\n\\nDiscover how Large Language Models (LLMs) work, from Transformers to pretraining and post-training. Learn how Google's Titan could revolutionize LLMs with multi-memory architecture, efficient long-context handling, and on-the-fly learning.\\n\\nNov 11, 2024\\n\\nExplore the evolution of AI agents, from manual control to fully autonomous systems. Learn how agentic systems like Ardor redefine software development with dynamic autonomy, hybrid architectures, and interactive environments for AI agents to thrive.\\n\\nLoad More\\n\\nArdor is an all-in agentic software development lifecycle automation platform that helps you build, deploy, and scale AI agents on the cloud to take you from prompt to product in minutes.\\n\\nFeatures\\n\\nAI Agent Builder\\n\\nResources\\n\\nDocumentaion\\n\\nGlossary\\n\\nPlatform Updates\\n\\nCompany\\n\\nPricing\\n\\nAbout\\n\\nContact\\n\\nCookie Policy\\n\\nPrivacy Policy\\n\\nTerms of Use\\n\\nFair use\\n\\nArdor is an all-in agentic software development lifecycle automation platform that helps you build, deploy, and scale AI agents on the cloud to take you from prompt to product in minutes.\\n\\nFeatures\\n\\nAI Agent Builder\\n\\nResources\\n\\nDocumentaion\\n\\nGlossary\\n\\nPlatform Updates\\n\\nCompany\\n\\nPricing\\n\\nAbout\\n\\nContact\\n\\nCookie Policy\\n\\nPrivacy Policy\\n\\nTerms of Use\\n\\nFair use\\n\\nArdor is an all-in agentic software development lifecycle automation platform that helps you build, deploy, and scale AI agents on the cloud to take you from prompt to product in minutes.\\n\\nFeatures\\n\\nAI Agent Builder\\n\\nResources\\n\\nDocumentaion\\n\\nGlossary\\n\\nPlatform Updates\\n\\nCompany\\n\\nPricing\\n\\nAbout\\n\\nContact\\n\\nCookie Policy\\n\\nPrivacy Policy\\n\\nTerms of Use\\n\\nFair use\\n\\nArdor is an all-in agentic software development lifecycle automation platform that helps you build, deploy, and scale AI agents on the cloud to take you from prompt to product in minutes.\\n\\nFeatures\\n\\nAI Agent Builder\\n\\nResources\\n\\nDocumentaion\\n\\nGlossary\\n\\nPlatform Updates\\n\\nCompany\\n\\nPricing\\n\\nAbout\\n\\nContact\\n\\nCookie Policy\\n\\nPrivacy Policy\\n\\nTerms of Use\\n\\nFair use\\n\\nArdor is an all-in agentic software development lifecycle automation platform that helps you build, deploy, and scale AI agents on the cloud to take you from prompt to product in minutes.\\n\\nFeatures\\n\\nAI Agent Builder\\n\\nResources\\n\\nDocumentaion\\n\\nGlossary\\n\\nPlatform Updates\\n\\nCompany\\n\\nPricing\\n\\nAbout\\n\\nContact\\n\\nCookie Policy\\n\\nPrivacy Policy\\n\\nTerms of Use\\n\\nFair use\\n\\nArdor is an all-in agentic software development lifecycle automation platform that helps you build, deploy, and scale AI agents on the cloud to take you from prompt to product in minutes.\\n\\nFeatures\\n\\nAI Agent Builder\\n\\nResources\\n\\nDocumentaion\\n\\nGlossary\\n\\nPlatform Updates\\n\\nCompany\\n\\nPricing\\n\\nAbout\\n\\nContact\\n\\nCookie Policy\\n\\nPrivacy Policy\\n\\nTerms of Use\\n\\nFair use\\n\\nArdor is an all-in agentic software development lifecycle automation platform that helps you build, deploy, and scale AI agents on the cloud to take you from prompt to product in minutes.\\n\\nFeatures\\n\\nAI Agent Builder\\n\\nResources\\n\\nDocumentaion\\n\\nGlossary\\n\\nPlatform Updates\\n\\nCompany\\n\\nPricing\\n\\nAbout\\n\\nContact\\n\\nCookie Policy\\n\\nPrivacy Policy\\n\\nTerms of Use\\n\\nFair use\\n\\nArdor is an all-in agentic software development lifecycle automation platform that helps you build, deploy, and scale AI agents on the cloud to take you from prompt to product in minutes.\\n\\nFeatures\\n\\nAI Agent Builder\\n\\nResources\\n\\nDocumentaion\\n\\nGlossary\\n\\nPlatform Updates\\n\\nCompany\\n\\nPricing\\n\\nAbout\\n\\nContact\\n\\nCookie Policy\\n\\nPrivacy Policy\\n\\nTerms of Use\\n\\nFair use\\n\\n\"}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Built on Vibes: A First-Hand Account of Software Development with ...\", \"url\": \"https://www.nucamp.co/blog/vibe-coding-built-on-vibes-a-firsthand-account-of-software-development-with-vibe-coding\", \"content\": \"Community-driven ecosystems are evolving as well, with open source contributions rapidly expanding - mirroring how collaborations and best practices propagate across the vibe coding community.\\n\\nAs the industry adapts, blending human creativity with AIâs efficiency will redefine job satisfaction, prompt new learning models, and change what it means to âdevelop softwareâ as explored in recent predictions for the future of vibe coding.\\n\\nFrequently Asked Questions [...] The future of software development is rapidly evolving as vibe coding gains traction, reshaping how we think about building technology. Predictions for 2025 and beyond suggest that AI-powered coding assistants will not only speed up workflows but also fundamentally shift developer roles from hands-on coding to guiding, reviewing, and orchestrating AI-generated solutions.\", \"score\": 0.68748367, \"raw_content\": \"Built on Vibes: A First-Hand Account of Software Development with Vibe Coding\\n\\nBy Ludo Fourrage\\n\\nLast Updated: April 20th 2025\\n\\nToo Long; Didn't Read:\\n\\nVibe coding, introduced by Andrej Karpathy in 2025, lets developers describe software needs in plain English, with AI tools generating and refining code. Used by 25% of recent Y Combinator startups, this approach accelerates prototyping and lowers technical barriers, but requires careful review for bugs, security, and quality assurance.\\n\\nVibe coding, a concept introduced by Andrej Karpathy in early 2025, reimagines software development by shifting the coderâs main task from manual programming to describing project needs in conversational language.\\n\\nWith vibe coding, you express what you want your software to do - often in plain English - and AI converts those requests into functioning code using tools like ChatGPT, GitHub Copilot, and Replit.\\n\\nAs discussed in this overview of vibe coding, the approach centers on prompt-driven collaboration with large language models: you describe a feature or solution, review the AIâs output, and refine as needed, even if you donât fully understand every piece of underlying code.\\n\\nThis model makes app creation accessible, especially for beginners or non-engineers, as highlighted in this software engineering guide to vibe coding, where rapid prototyping and iterative experimentation become the norm.\\n\\nHowever, as vibe coding gains popularity - 25% of recent Y Combinator startups reportedly use predominantly AI-generated code - itâs important to be mindful of potential risks like undetected bugs or security gaps.\\n\\nMIT Technology Reviewâs exploration points out that while this trend lowers technical barriers for many, itâs still essential to maintain oversight and testing, especially on critical projects.\\n\\nThe rest of this article dives deeper into vibe codingâs practical workflow, benefits, and considerations for new and seasoned developers alike.\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nAspect | Main Takeaway | Contributor\\nWorkflow | Uses conversational language for iterative code generation and refinement. | Nancy Gonzalez\\nBenefit | Opens up coding opportunities to people with less technical expertise. | William Williams\\nConsideration | Requires extra care with security and bug detection for critical projects. | Nancy Taylor\\nTable of Contents\\n\\nCheck out next:\\n\\nExplore the origins of vibe coding by delving into Karpathyâs groundbreaking concept that started it all in 2025.\\n\\nHow Vibe Coding Works: AI Tools and the Developer Workflow\\n\\nVibe coding in 2025 has changed the developer workflow by letting you describe what you want your software to do - in plain English - and having AI tools transform those ideas into working code.\\n\\nInstead of worrying about every syntax rule, you start with your concept, and AI coding assistants like Cursor, Replit, and GitHub Copilot jump in to generate code, frameworks, or even full project setups.\\n\\nThis approach, sometimes called \\\"chat-oriented programming,\\\" means the developer's main job is guiding the AI with clear prompts and giving feedback on the output.\\n\\nFor example, a typical workflow starts when you Describe a task, like âCreate a web app for photo sharing with user login.â The AI tool then Generates the initial files and code.\\n\\nYou Iterate through feedback cycles - asking for new features, changes, or fixing issues - which is a flexible process similar to having a conversation.\\n\\nResearch shows most users go through several rounds of prompting, continually refining their project with the AI's help (Getting Started with Vibe Coding).\\n\\nFinally, in the Refine & Deploy phase, you review, test, and make last tweaks, often letting the AI suggest bug fixes or optimizations as well.\\n\\nThe choice of tool makes a big difference: platforms like Cursor support both beginner and advanced users with chat-integrated editing, while GitHub Copilot and Replit excel in IDE and cloud-based workflows, respectively (Best AI for Coding in 2025).\\n\\nTool | Unique Features | Best For\\nCursor | Graphical and terminal user support, multi-file chat, strong team collaboration | Lisa Williams:Versatilityfor both beginners and professionals\\nGitHub Copilot | Block code suggestions, deep IDE integration, real-time chat | Matthew Garcia:Seamless IDE workflow integration\\nReplit | Web-based coding, instant AI pair programming, live collaboration | Richard Thomas:Cloud-based developmentand live teamwork\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nVibe codingâs power comes from a blend of rapid iteration and human oversight - embracing the back-and-forth between people and AI (What is Vibe Coding?).\\n\\nThe paradigm has shifted from writing instructions to crafting conversations, allowing more people to turn ideas into software with fewer barriers.\\n\\nFill this form to download every syllabus from Nucamp.\\n\\nAnd learn about Nucamp's Vibe Coding Bootcamps and why aspiring developers choose us.\\n\\nA First-Hand Journey: Building with Vibe Coding in 2025\\n\\nEmbarking on a vibe coding journey in 2025 as a beginner shows just how accessible software development has become with the help of AI tools.\\n\\nSetting up a project using Nuxt 3 and Tailwind CSS, for instance, no longer requires extensive command-line knowledge or manual config. AI coding assistants like GitHub Copilot, ChatGPT, and others are now fully woven into the development process, shifting the focus from following strict tutorials to actually creating and experimenting.\\n\\nYou can start a session by describing your goal in everyday language - such as, âSet up a Nuxt 3 app with Tailwind CSS and a responsive hero sectionâ - and the AI responds by generating the right codebase, configuration files, and even offering step-by-step debugging help.\\n\\nTools like Cursor, Windsurf, and Copilot have become go-to options, with developers praising their ability to handle project scaffolding, inline suggestions, and context-aware code reviews as documented by software creators.\\n\\nGetting Tailwind CSS set up with Nuxt takes just a few guided steps, such as installing dependencies, updating your Nuxt config, and letting the AI streamline the asset imports and build process - all of which you can follow and tweak as you learn (see the official guide).\\n\\nA practical AI-driven workflow typically looks like this:\\n\\nWith AI-driven editors allowing multi-model support and features like real-time chat and codebase-wide context, even beginners can quickly build, troubleshoot, and refine their projects as shared by developers testing top coding tools in 2025.\\n\\nTo get the most out of this approach:\\n\\nThis process gives you both guidance and the space to experiment, making coding a more relaxed and creative experience.\\n\\nStep\\nAI Assistance\\nBeginner Tip\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nProject Initialization\\nGenerates setup scripts and project structure\\nAsk why certain folders are needed\\n\\n\\nComponent Building\\nScaffolds Vue components with example data\\nEdit small parts to see results in real time\\n\\n\\nStyling\\nSuggests Tailwind utility classes and layouts\\nTry out AIâs alternative suggestions for different looks\\n\\nStep | AI Assistance | Beginner Tip\\nProject Initialization | Generates setup scripts and project structure | Ask why certain folders are needed\\nComponent Building | Scaffolds Vue components with example data | Edit small parts to see results in real time\\nStyling | Suggests Tailwind utility classes and layouts | Try out AIâs alternative suggestions for different looks\\nBuilding with vibe coding is as much about learning and collaborating with AI as it is about coding itself.\\n\\nApproaching each session as a conversation and not hesitating to ask for clarity helps turn what could be a daunting process into one that is both approachable and empowering.\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nBenefits of Vibe Coding: Creativity, Speed, and Access for All\\n\\nVibe coding is changing how beginners step into software development, making it more approachable and opening new opportunities for those without traditional technical backgrounds.\\n\\nInstead of wrestling with complex syntax or frameworks from day one, users describe what they want in plain language and let AI tools - like GitHub Copilot, Cursor, and Replit - translate those ideas into working code.\\n\\nThis method, named by Andrej Karpathy, has made it possible for people to build programs simply by guiding the AI through natural conversation and feedback loops.\\n\\nRecent insights highlight that, with vibe coding, product iteration cycles are much shorter, and working prototypes are often ready in hours - sometimes even in minutes - allowing teams to launch with fewer resources and less friction (hidden benefits of vibe coding).\\n\\nDocumenting code - a chore for many - also becomes easier, as AI tools can keep documentation synced with code changes automatically. For complete beginners, much of the anxiety around ânot knowing enoughâ disappears, replaced by the ability to experiment, learn by doing, and refine ideas with less risk of running into technical roadblocks (Vibe Coding: AI-Assisted Coding for Non-Developers).\\n\\nVibe coding tools also encourage creative freedom, letting learners try new languages or design patterns with less commitment and lower stakes. Because the process centers on human guidance and iterative review, users can develop a real sense of ownership over their projects, regardless of their previous coding experience.\\n\\nThis accessibility is helping more non-traditional learners and diverse newcomers become active creators in tech. Even startups are noticing the change, with 25% of Y Combinatorâs 2025 batch reporting up to 95% of their code generated through AI, a sign of just how much faster and more inclusive development can become (balancing speed and safety with vibe coding).\\n\\nFill this form to download every syllabus from Nucamp.\\n\\nAnd learn about Nucamp's Vibe Coding Bootcamps and why aspiring developers choose us.\\n\\nPitfalls and Risks: What Beginners Should Watch Out For\\n\\nVibe coding empowers beginners to move from idea to application with unprecedented speed, but itâs equally important to recognize the unique pitfalls and risks that arise when relying on AI-generated code.\\n\\nAI-powered tools can analyze and suggest code quickly, but research shows they frequently create functional code that contains errors, security flaws, or may not follow best practices - sometimes missing project-specific context entirely.\\n\\nFor instance, recent findings have highlighted that risks include not just insecure code, but also downstream impacts like technical debt and reduced developer understanding when auto-generated suggestions aren't carefully reviewed or adapted.\\n\\nTo stay safe, beginners should focus on these strategies:\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nBest Practices for Safe and Effective Vibe Coding\\n\\nAs vibe coding continues to gain traction in software development, applying best practices for safety and effectiveness is vital - especially for those new to using AI-assisted workflows.\\n\\nResearch highlights that while many developers rely on AI coding assistants, widespread challenges remain around consistent code review and understanding the unique risks AI can introduce.\\n\\nFor example, studies show that AI-generated code, even when produced by top models, may contain logical inconsistencies, miss business logic, or introduce security flaws if not thoroughly reviewed by a human.\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nStrategy | Purpose | Best Used With\\nAutomated Testing | Catch bugsearly | Manual code review\\nCode Linting | Ensurestyle consistency | Continuous Integration\\nStatic Analysis | Identifysecurity issues | Automated review tools\\nFor practical implementation tips and a deeper look at reviewing AI-generated code, see this guide on reviewing AI-written code, explore best practices for coding with AI, and learn strategies for safe automated code reviews.\\n\\nFill this form to download every syllabus from Nucamp.\\n\\nAnd learn about Nucamp's Vibe Coding Bootcamps and why aspiring developers choose us.\\n\\nThe Future of Software Development: Where Vibe Coding Is Heading\\n\\nThe future of software development is rapidly evolving as vibe coding gains traction, reshaping how we think about building technology. Predictions for 2025 and beyond suggest that AI-powered coding assistants will not only speed up workflows but also fundamentally shift developer roles from hands-on coding to guiding, reviewing, and orchestrating AI-generated solutions.\\n\\nAs highlighted by Andrej Karpathy, the originator of the term vibe coding, success will hinge on being able to communicate needs clearly and collaborate with AI effectively.\\n\\nRecent studies show that nearly 80% of professional developers now use AI tools daily, and the new development landscape emphasizes prompt engineering, iterative feedback, and human-AI teamwork see more on AI's impact on developer roles.\\n\\n\\n\\nLooking ahead, vibe coding is making software creation more accessible, empowering non-developers, youth, and people from non-traditional backgrounds to participate in technology.\\n\\nEstimates reveal that up to 75% of users on platforms like Replit never write a single line of code, relying completely on AI to turn their ideas into working applications discover how vibe coding lowers barriers.\\n\\nThis democratization is sparking a new era where creativity and problem articulation matter as much as traditional programming skills. However, experts caution that while AI speeds things up, it also introduces new challenges around code quality, security, and debugging, making roles like âAI Prompt Engineerâ and âAI Code Auditorâ increasingly vital.\\n\\nRole | Key Responsibility | Central Theme\\nAI Prompt Engineer | Crafts clear instructions for AI | Effective communicationensures quality results\\nAI Code Auditor | Reviews and validates AI-generated code | Security and qualityare top priorities\\nHuman Developer | Collaborates, innovates, and guides AI output | Blending creativitywith technology drives success\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nCommunity-driven ecosystems are evolving as well, with open source contributions rapidly expanding - mirroring how collaborations and best practices propagate across the vibe coding community.\\n\\nAs the industry adapts, blending human creativity with AIâs efficiency will redefine job satisfaction, prompt new learning models, and change what it means to âdevelop softwareâ as explored in recent predictions for the future of vibe coding.\\n\\nFrequently Asked Questions\\n\\nWhat is vibe coding and how does it work?\\n\\nVibe coding is a software development approach popularized in 2025, where developers describe project needs in plain, conversational language and AI coding assistants generate the actual code. This process emphasizes a collaborative, prompt-driven workflow with AI, allowing users - even those with little technical background - to build and refine applications through iterative feedback and natural conversation.\\n\\nWhat are the main benefits of vibe coding?\\n\\nVibe coding lowers barriers for beginners, accelerates prototyping, and makes software development more inclusive. Users can focus on the vision and features of their project instead of syntax or manual setup, resulting in faster iteration, easier documentation, and greater creative freedom. It also promotes learning by doing, enabling rapid experimentation with fewer technical hurdles.\\n\\nWhat are the risks or challenges of AI-generated code with vibe coding?\\n\\nThe main risks include undetected bugs, security vulnerabilities, or poor-quality code due to the AI potentially missing project-specific context or best practices. Manual review, thorough testing, and frequent code auditing are essential to mitigate these risks, especially for production or critical software, as AI output is not flawless and may introduce technical debt if not carefully managed.\\n\\nWhich tools are commonly used for vibe coding, and what do they offer?\\n\\nPopular tools for vibe coding include Cursor (for collaborative chat and graphical/terminal workflows), GitHub Copilot (for IDE integration and real-time block suggestions), and Replit (for web-based, live coding and AI pair programming). These tools automate project scaffolding, provide step-by-step explanations, and streamline rapid prototyping, serving both beginners and advanced users.\\n\\nHow is the role of developers changing with the rise of vibe coding?\\n\\nDevelopers are transitioning from manual coders to guides and reviewers in a human-AI partnership. The focus is on prompt engineering, iterative feedback, and overseeing the quality and security of AI-generated solutions. New roles like AI Prompt Engineer and AI Code Auditor are emerging, emphasizing effective communication with AI and vigilant oversight to ensure robust, secure, and maintainable software.\\n\\nYou may be interested in the following topics as well:\\n\\nDive into the origins of this movement and discover Andreij Karpathy's influence on the vibe coding phenomenon.\\n\\nFind out how skill atrophy in new coders is becoming a silent epidemic due to overreliance on AI-generated code.\\n\\nDive into the explosion of no-code and low-code tools that are making app development more accessible than ever before.\\n\\nFind out why mastering programming languages gives you complete control over your projects.\\n\\nSee how vibe coding is democratizing software development by empowering non-coders to bring their ideas to life.\\n\\nFind out how the perfect blend of AI and human expertise synergy is unlocking new levels of innovation and reliability in coding projects.\\n\\nCut API development time in half with Apidog MCP Server AI APIs that auto-generate logic and documentation for your projects.\\n\\nDiscover how AI-assisted coding is reshaping the way beginners and professionals approach software development.\\n\\nLudo Fourrage\\n\\nFounder and CEO\\n\\nLudovic (Ludo) Fourrage is an education industry veteran, named in 2017 as a Learning Technology Leader by Training Magazine. Before founding Nucamp, Ludo spent 18 years at Microsoft where he led innovation in the learning space. As the Senior Director of Digital Learning at this same company, Ludo led the development of the first of its kind 'YouTube for the Enterprise'. More recently, he delivered one of the most successful Corporate MOOC programs in partnership with top business schools and consulting organizations, i.e. INSEAD, Wharton, London Business School, and Accenture, to name a few. âWith the belief that the right education for everyone is an achievable goal, Ludo leads the nucamp team in the quest to make quality education accessible\\n\\nRelated Blogs\\n\\nNewsletter\\n\\nConnect\\n\\nBootcamps\\n\\nCompany\\n\\n2025 Â© Nucamp Inc. All rights reserved.Bellevue, WA 98005.\\n\\n\"}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"The Vibe Coding Revolution: How Aesthetics and AI Are Reshaping ...\", \"url\": \"https://medium.com/included-vc/the-vibe-coding-revolution-how-aesthetics-and-ai-are-reshaping-how-we-build-software-11c7964c6d26\", \"content\": \"The Future of Vibe Coding\\nWhere is vibe coding heading? Several exciting trends are emerging:\\nAI Integration and Personalization\\nFuture tools might extend AI capabilities to aesthetic domains — suggesting color scheme adjustments based on lighting conditions, adapting font sizes to reduce eye strain, or dynamically adjusting interface elements based on the developer’s current focus and cognitive state.\\nVirtual and Augmented Reality Environments\", \"score\": 0.68191797, \"raw_content\": \"Published Time: 2025-04-16T13:50:06.523Z\\nThe Vibe Coding Revolution: How Aesthetics and AI Are Reshaping How We Build Software | by Kira Cheung | Included VC | Apr, 2025 | Medium\\nOpen in app\\nSign up\\nSign in\\n\\nWrite\\n\\nSign up\\nSign in\\n\\nIncluded VC ---------------\\n·Follow publication\\n\\nIncluded VC: the first of-its-kind fully funded global Fellowship designed to provide opportunity to underrepresented and overlooked aspiring VCs who are actively committed to breaking into, and pursuing a career in venture capital.\\nFollow publication\\nThe Vibe Coding Revolution: How Aesthetics and AI Are Reshaping How We Build Software\\n\\nKira Cheung\\nFollow\\n8 min read\\n·\\nApr 16, 2025\\n\\n\\nListen\\nShare\\nThe Rise of Coding with Vibes\\nImagine telling your computer what you want to build in plain English and watching as it transforms your words into working code. Then picture customizing your workspace to feel like a digital sanctuary — with colors, fonts, and layouts that spark joy and creativity. This fusion of AI-powered coding and personalized development environments represents the dual meaning of “vibe coding” — a revolution that’s transforming not just how we write code, but how we experience the entire process of building software.\\nWhen Andrej Karpathy, former AI leader at Tesla and co-founder of OpenAI, tweeted in February 2025 that “the hottest new programming language is English,” he wasn’t just being clever. He was describing a fundamental shift in how software gets created. As he later explained about his own coding process: “It’s not really coding — I just see things, say things, run things, and copy-paste things, and it mostly works.”\\nThis new approach to programming has rapidly gained traction, especially among startups. Y Combinator reported that 25% of startups in their Winter 2025 batch had codebases that were predominantly (95%) generated by AI. What’s driving this shift? The promise of faster development, reduced technical barriers, and a more intuitive, conversational relationship with our tools.\\nBut vibe coding isn’t just about letting AI write your code. It’s also about crafting development environments that feel personally meaningful — spaces that acknowledge the human behind the keyboard. Let’s explore both dimensions of this revolution and how they’re reshaping the future of software development.\\nFrom Command Line to Custom Paradise: The Evolution of Coding Environments\\nThe journey to today’s aesthetic-focused development environments has been long. Early programmers worked with monochrome monitors and plain text interfaces, where function reigned supreme and form was an afterthought. Hardware limitations made aesthetic considerations nearly impossible, and the “hacker aesthetic” valued technical efficiency above all else.\\nEven when graphical user interfaces transformed computing in the 1980s, many developers resisted the aesthetic revolution. Text-based editors like Vim and Emacs remained popular, reflecting a culture that often viewed visual concerns as frivolous. As Steven Levy noted in “Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution,” there was pride in mastering difficult interfaces that separated “real programmers” from casual users.\\nThe turning point came in the early 2010s with the popularity of editors like Sublime Text, which offered sleek interfaces and extensive customization options. This shift coincided with broader design trends — Apple’s influence on product aesthetics, the rise of user experience as a discipline, and growing recognition that our tools shape not just what we create, but how we feel while creating.\\nToday, developers invest significant time and resources into personalizing their environments. The evidence is everywhere — from the r/unixporn subreddit (which grew from 100,000 subscribers in 2016 to over 500,000 by 2023) to the millions of views on YouTube videos about terminal customization.\\nThe Psychology Behind the Vibe\\nWhy does the aesthetic aspect of coding matter? Research in cognitive psychology offers some insights.\\nAccording to cognitive load theory, humans have limited working memory capacity. Any aspect of an interface requiring mental processing — visual noise, poor contrast, inconsistent layout — consumes cognitive resources that could otherwise go toward problem-solving. A well-designed, visually harmonious coding environment isn’t merely pleasing — it potentially enhances performance by reducing cognitive load.\\nColor psychology also plays a role. Blue tones, commonly used in popular coding themes like “Dracula” and “Nord,” have been associated with enhanced creative performance and reduced anxiety. The widespread preference for dark themes may have physiological benefits too, with studies finding that light text on dark backgrounds can reduce eye strain during prolonged screen use.\\nPerhaps most compelling is the connection to flow state — that coveted condition of full immersion and energized focus described by psychologist Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi. Research on flow triggers has identified environmental factors that help induce and maintain this state, including minimizing distractions and creating rich environments with immediate feedback.\\nA developer who has customized their terminal with a pleasing color scheme, chosen a font that reduces cognitive friction, and surrounded themselves with other supportive environmental elements may be more likely to achieve and maintain flow during coding sessions.\\nThe Vibe Coding Toolkit: What’s in Your Arsenal?\\nThe universe of vibe coding spans multiple categories, from core development environments to peripheral accessories.\\nCore Development Tools\\n\\nText Editors & IDEs: VS Code with custom themes and extensions, Neovim with configuration frameworks like NvChad, JetBrains IDEs with Material Theme UI\\nTerminal Emulators: iTerm2 (macOS), Alacritty (cross-platform, GPU-accelerated), Windows Terminal, Kitty (GPU-based)\\nShell Frameworks & Prompts: Oh My Zsh, Starship (cross-shell prompt), Powerlevel10k, Fish shell\\n\\nAesthetic Enhancements\\n\\nColor Schemes & Themes: Dracula (ported to 200+ apps), Nord (arctic-inspired), Catppuccin (pastel theme), Tokyo Night (dark blue)\\nProgramming Fonts: JetBrains Mono, Fira Code, Cascadia Code, Operator Mono (all offering coding ligatures)\\nIcon Sets: Material Icon Theme, VSCode Icons, Carbon Icons\\n\\nAI-Powered Coding Assistants\\n\\nCursor: A code editor with deep AI integration, including voice-to-code programming\\nGitHub Copilot: Offers real-time code suggestions within popular editors\\nLovable: A platform explicitly designed to make “vibe coding a reality” for non-programmers\\nRetool: Streamlines building internal tools through pre-built components and API connections\\n\\n\\nThe market for these tools is substantial and growing rapidly. The mechanical keyboard market alone reached $1.36 billion in 2022 and is projected to grow at a CAGR of 11.7% through 2030. The AI in software development market was valued at $3.5 billion in 2022 and is projected to reach $15.7 billion by 2027.\\nWhen Vibes Meet Practice: Real-World Impact\\nThe vibe coding movement isn’t just theoretical — it’s changing how real software gets built:\\nStreaming Culture\\nLive-coding streamers like ThePrimeagen and Theo have become influential proponents of vibe coding, dedicating entire videos to customizing development environments. The popularity of such content — with some setup videos garnering millions of views — demonstrates widespread interest in the visual aspects of coding.\\nCorporate Adoption\\nForward-thinking companies have begun recognizing the value of aesthetic development environments. GitHub’s dark mode was developed with careful attention to color contrast and visual harmony. Companies like Stripe distinguish themselves through beautifully designed developer tools, which they describe as a competitive advantage in recruiting and retaining talent.\\nSpotify even encourages developer personalization of environments as part of their engineering culture, reporting measurable improvements in job satisfaction as a result.\\nStartup Acceleration\\nThe AI aspect of vibe coding is transforming how startups build products. With tools that translate natural language into functional code, founders can rapidly prototype and iterate on ideas without deep technical expertise. This democratization of software development could lead to more diverse perspectives in the tech industry.\\nThe Challenges: Not All Vibes Are Good Vibes\\nDespite its growing popularity, vibe coding faces legitimate criticisms:\\nStyle vs. Substance\\nCritics worry that excessive focus on aesthetics might distract from fundamental programming skills. As programming blogger Jeff Atwood cautioned, “I worry we’re raising a generation of developers who spend more time tweaking their terminal colors than understanding algorithms.”\\nResearch on productivity impact shows mixed results. While developers report higher satisfaction with customized environments, studies haven’t demonstrated significant improvements in objective productivity metrics.\\nAccessibility Concerns\\nMany popular color schemes prioritize aesthetic harmony over contrast ratios that would make code readable for developers with visual impairments. Analysis by accessibility researchers found that 68% of popular coding themes failed to meet the minimum contrast ratio recommended by accessibility guidelines.\\nEconomic Barriers\\nThe full vibe coding setup — with premium mechanical keyboards, ultrawide monitors, ergonomic chairs, and custom accessories — can represent an investment of thousands of dollars. This raises questions about who gets to participate in vibe coding culture and whether it might inadvertently contribute to socioeconomic stratification.\\nAI Reliability\\nWhile AI coding assistants can generate impressive code, they’re not infallible. Critics of the AI approach to vibe coding point out potential issues with code quality, security, and maintainability. There’s also concern about developers becoming overly reliant on AI and losing fundamental coding skills.\\nStarting Your Own Vibe Coding Journey\\nIf you’re interested in exploring vibe coding, here are some practical steps:\\nAssess Your Personal Preferences\\nBegin with self-reflection rather than product purchases. Understand your cognitive style, aesthetic preferences, and workflow patterns. Some developers thrive in minimalist environments, while others benefit from information-rich interfaces. By observing your own patterns, you can customize your environment in ways that genuinely support your work.\\nBalance Aesthetics and Functionality\\nPrioritize customizations that enhance rather than hinder your development process:\\n\\nChoose syntax highlighting themes with strong contrast for frequently referenced code elements\\nSelect fonts that enhance readability for long coding sessions\\nConfigure terminal prompts to highlight information relevant to your workflow\\nEnsure aesthetic customizations don’t significantly impact performance\\n\\nStart Small with AI\\nIf you’re new to AI-assisted coding, begin with tools like GitHub Copilot that integrate with your existing workflow. As you gain confidence, you might explore more comprehensive solutions like Cursor or Lovable. Always review AI-generated code carefully and treat it as a collaborative partner rather than an infallible oracle.\\nConsider Cost-Effective Approaches\\nMeaningful personalization doesn’t require significant investment:\\n\\nFocus on software customization (themes, fonts, configurations) rather than hardware upgrades\\nExplore open-source alternatives to premium tools\\nMake targeted investments in elements directly impacting comfort and productivity\\nLearn basic DIY skills for customizing existing equipment\\n\\nThe Future of Vibe Coding\\nWhere is vibe coding heading? Several exciting trends are emerging:\\nAI Integration and Personalization\\nFuture tools might extend AI capabilities to aesthetic domains — suggesting color scheme adjustments based on lighting conditions, adapting font sizes to reduce eye strain, or dynamically adjusting interface elements based on the developer’s current focus and cognitive state.\\nVirtual and Augmented Reality Environments\\nAs VR and AR technologies mature, they open new possibilities for immersive coding environments that transcend traditional screens. Experimental VR coding environments have demonstrated the potential for spatial development environments where code becomes a three-dimensional structure.\\nBiometric Feedback and Adaptation\\nEmerging technologies at the intersection of biometrics and computing suggest a future where development environments might adapt based on physiological feedback. Wearable devices could monitor metrics like heart rate variability and eye movement patterns to detect states of flow, frustration, or fatigue, adjusting the environment accordingly.\\nEmbracing the Human Element in Digital Creation\\nThe vibe coding movement represents more than a passing trend. At its core, it reflects a fundamental shift in how we think about the relationship between humans and technology — a recognition that the environments in which we create digital artifacts matter not just functionally but experientially.\\nAs coding has evolved from a specialized technical activity to a form of creative expression that shapes our digital world, the environments in which this creation happens have similarly evolved — becoming spaces that support not just the technical but the human dimensions of programming.\\nWhether you’re drawn to the aesthetic side of vibe coding, the AI-assisted approach, or both, the underlying message is the same: behind every line of code that powers our digital world, there is a human creator — with preferences, sensibilities, and a desire for tools that inspire rather than merely enable their work.\\nAs we continue to refine our development environments and leverage AI as a collaborator, we’re not just changing how code gets written — we’re reimagining the entire experience of building software. And in that reimagining lies the potential for more intuitive, accessible, and personally meaningful creation.\\n\\nSign up to discover human stories that deepen your understanding of the world.\\nFree\\nDistraction-free reading. No ads.\\nOrganize your knowledge with lists and highlights.\\nTell your story. Find your audience.\\nSign up for free\\nMembership\\nRead member-only stories\\nSupport writers you read most\\nEarn money for your writing\\nListen to audio narrations\\nRead offline with the Medium app\\nTry for $5/month\\nCoding\\nVenture Capital\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nFollow\\nPublished in Included VC ------------------------\\n625 Followers\\n·Last published 17 hours ago\\nIncluded VC: the first of-its-kind fully funded global Fellowship designed to provide opportunity to underrepresented and overlooked aspiring VCs who are actively committed to breaking into, and pursuing a career in venture capital.\\nFollow\\n\\n\\nFollow\\nWritten by Kira Cheung ----------------------\\n19 Followers\\n·70 Following\\nFollow\\nNo responses yet\\n\\n\\nWrite a response\\nWhat are your thoughts?\\nCancel\\nRespond\\nMore from Kira Cheung and Included VC\\n\\n\\nIn\\nIncluded VC\\nby\\nKira Cheung\\nThe Boss Move: Reverse Acqui-hire --------------------------------- ### In Silicon Valley’s latest evolution, a profound shift is reshaping how tech giants acquire innovation: the reverse acqui-hire. Unlike…\\nDec 20, 2024\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nIn\\nIncluded VC\\nby\\nRaman Rai\\nThe Hype is Over: AI Landscape in Venture Capital 2024 ------------------------------------------------------ ### Global AI funding has hit $290 billion — one of the most aggressively funded sectors. Learn about how AI investment is being shaped by VCs.\\nDec 14, 2024\\n222 2\\n\\n\\n\\nIn\\nIncluded VC\\nby\\nMalvika Rathod\\nWhy the UK Startup Party Often Ends Before the Unicorns Arrive -------------------------------------------------------------- ### Late-Stage Funding Proportions UK startups 🇬🇧 saw late-stage funding rounds (Series C and beyond) account for only 20% of total VC…\\nFeb 3\\n21 1\\n\\n\\n\\nIn\\nIncluded VC\\nby\\nKira Cheung\\nThe Death of Choice? Navigating Agency in the AI Era ---------------------------------------------------- ### Picture this: you wake up in the morning and your smart home has already adjusted the temperature, started the coffee maker, and queued up…\\nDec 14, 2024\\n179\\n\\nSee all from Kira Cheung\\nSee all from Included VC\\nRecommended from Medium\\n\\n\\nIn\\nWritings from Thomvest Ventures\\nby\\nAshish Kakran\\nMarket Map: 130+ companies transforming the AI Software Development market -------------------------------------------------------------------------- ### By Ashish Kakran, Mathew George, Umesh Padval\\nMar 11\\n26\\n\\n\\n\\nSanjeev Gulati\\nVibe coding — as per Andrej Karpathy. ------------------------------------- ### The Rise of the Prompt-Powered Programmer\\nApr 5\\n11\\n\\n\\n\\nIn\\nCoding Nexus\\nby\\nCode Pulse\\nHow I Tamed Cursor AI to Write Perfect Code Every Time. ------------------------------------------------------- ### AI coding tools like Cursor can be a blessing or a curse. When they work, it’s pure magic, but when they don’t, it’s like letting a drunk…\\nMar 11\\n37 1\\n\\n\\n\\nLuke Skyward\\nOpenAI Might Have Just Killed Claude ------------------------------------ ### AI Arms Race for Developers\\nApr 19\\n448 21\\n\\n\\n\\nIn\\nEntrepreneurship Handbook\\nby\\nAaron Dinin, PhD\\nThe Critical Difference Between Entrepreneurs and Everyone Else --------------------------------------------------------------- ### For anyone who’s ever wondered what makes someone an entrepreneur, here’s your answer.\\n4d ago\\n577 19\\n\\n\\n\\nIn\\nGoogle Cloud - Community\\nby\\nSalomone D\\nIs MCP the New HTTP? Understanding the Next Frontier in AI Communication ------------------------------------------------------------------------ ### AI needs its own HTTP. Is MCP it? Unpack the future of model communication.\\n4d ago\\n185 3\\n\\nSee more recommendations\\nHelp\\nStatus\\nAbout\\nCareers\\nPress\\nBlog\\nPrivacy\\nRules\\nTerms\\nText to speech\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://datasciencedojo.com/wp-content/uploads/emerging-AI-and-machine-learning-trends-1030x1030.png\", \"image_description\": \"The diagram highlights twelve emerging trends in AI and machine learning for 2023, including Generative AI, Natural Language Processing, and the integration of AI with IoT, emphasizing themes like transparency, data security, and no-code tools for enhanced productivity in the tech landscape.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://pub.mdpi-res.com/applsci/applsci-13-07082/article_deploy/html/images/applsci-13-07082-g001.png?1686659731\", \"image_description\": \"The diagram outlines various key areas within the Artificial Intelligence Technology Landscape, including Neuromorphic Computing, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, and more, highlighting their interconnectedness and applications.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://bugfender.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/Screenshot_2022-09-27_at_6.58.35_PM.png\", \"image_description\": \"A central point labeled \\\"Open Source\\\" is surrounded by various concepts and categories such as \\\"Teaching/Mentoring,\\\" \\\"Security,\\\" \\\"Design,\\\" \\\"Code,\\\" and \\\"Marketing,\\\" connected with lines to illustrate different aspects and inquiries related to open source projects.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/032510_vibe_coding-1024x462.png\", \"image_description\": \"A person wearing glasses and a hoodie stares at a laptop, while a humanoid robot with a blue head displays code on its screen, both set against contrasting blue and yellow backgrounds.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://quiksite.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/Open-Source-Initiative-Members.png\", \"image_description\": \"Logos of various organizations and foundations, including the Open Source Initiative, Wikimedia Foundation, and Mozilla Foundation, represent a vibrant community focused on technological advancements and collaboration in the open-source ecosystem.\"}]", "tool_call_id": "call_fz3mv6fyhdh99o663wgxk5iv"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "###"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Problem"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Statement"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "Explore"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " long"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " term"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " future"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " oriented"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " contributions"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " including"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " potential"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " technological"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " advancements"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " scalability"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " adapt"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ability"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " emerging"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " trends"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Look"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " industry"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " forecasts"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " research"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " papers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " thought"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " leadership"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " articles"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "###"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Research"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Findings"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "####"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Techn"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ological"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Advance"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ments"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " D"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "riven"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Generation"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " harness"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "es"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " transform"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " natural"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " language"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " prompts"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " into"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " working"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Early"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " experiments"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " like"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Deep"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "C"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "oder"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " demonstrated"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " that"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " neural"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " networks"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " could"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " synthesize"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " from"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " input"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " output"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " examples"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " In"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "'s"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Cod"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ex"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " which"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " later"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " powered"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " GitHub"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Cop"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ilot"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " could"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " solve"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " about"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "7"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "%"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " programming"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " tasks"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " By"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " emerged"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " allowing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " developers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " use"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " high"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " level"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " natural"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " language"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " instructions"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " generation"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " shifting"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " programmer"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "'s"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " role"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " from"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " detailed"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " prompting"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " reviewing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " testing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " generated"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " outputs"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "Enh"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "anced"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " User"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Inter"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "faces"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Future"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " tools"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " may"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " extend"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " capabilities"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " aesthetic"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " domains"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " They"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " could"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " suggest"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " color"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " scheme"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " adjustments"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " based"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " lighting"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " conditions"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " adapt"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " font"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " sizes"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " reduce"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " eye"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " strain"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " or"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " dynamically"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " adjust"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " interface"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " elements"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " according"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " developer"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "'s"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " cognitive"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " state"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " VR"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " AR"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " technologies"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " also"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " possibilities"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " immersive"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " environments"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " where"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " becomes"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " three"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " dimensional"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " structure"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Bi"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ometric"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " feedback"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " could"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " enable"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " environments"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " adapt"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " based"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " physiological"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " signals"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " like"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " heart"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " rate"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " variability"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " eye"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " movement"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " patterns"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "####"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Sc"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "al"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ability"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "Ch"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "all"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "enges"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Sc"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "al"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ability"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " generated"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " prototypes"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " work"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " well"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " simple"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " projects"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " clear"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " requirements"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " However"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " when"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " evolving"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " into"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " scalable"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " production"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " grade"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " systems"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " issues"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " arise"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " generated"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " often"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " uses"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " more"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " computational"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " resources"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " due"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " lack"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " optimization"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " projects"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " frequently"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " lack"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " comprehensive"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " error"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " handling"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " architectural"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " planning"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "Platform"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Solutions"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Sc"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "al"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ability"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Platform"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "s"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " like"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Ar"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "dor"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Cloud"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " address"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " scalability"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " issues"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " It"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " an"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " first"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " cloud"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " platform"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " that"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " provides"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " full"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " lifecycle"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " management"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " environment"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " It"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " supports"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " version"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " control"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " continuous"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " integration"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/cont"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "inuous"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " deployment"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " ("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "CI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "CD"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "),"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " real"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " time"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " observ"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ability"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " platform"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " lever"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ages"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " modern"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " tools"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " such"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " as"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Kubernetes"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Kn"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ative"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Kafka"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " within"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " server"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "less"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " architecture"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " scale"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " demand"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "####"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Adapt"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ability"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Emerging"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Trends"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "Dem"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ocrat"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ization"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " makes"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " creation"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " more"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " accessible"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " empowering"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " non"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " developers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " youth"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " people"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " from"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " non"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " traditional"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " backgrounds"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " participate"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " technology"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Up"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "7"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "%"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " users"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " platforms"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " like"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Re"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "plit"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " rely"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " completely"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " turn"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " their"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " ideas"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " into"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " working"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " applications"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " This"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " democrat"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ization"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " expected"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " continue"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " as"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " new"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " users"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " enter"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " field"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " bringing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " diverse"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " perspectives"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " ideas"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "Changing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Developer"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Roles"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " rise"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " shifting"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " focus"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " from"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " writing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " extensive"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " coaching"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " systems"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " New"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " roles"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " like"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " “"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Prompt"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Engineer"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "”"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " “"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Auditor"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "”"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " are"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " emerging"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Developers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " will"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " need"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " evolve"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " their"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " skill"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " sets"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " educational"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " cur"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ricula"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " training"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " programs"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " emphasizing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " understanding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " functionality"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " debugging"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " shortcomings"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "####"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " D"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "riven"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Contributions"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "Open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Expansion"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " driven"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " ecosystems"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " are"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " evolving"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " contributions"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " rapidly"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " expanding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " This"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " mirrors"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " how"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " collaborations"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " best"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " practices"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " propagate"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " across"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " allowing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " shared"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " learning"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " innovation"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "###"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Conclusion"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " holds"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " significant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " long"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " term"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " future"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " oriented"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " contributions"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Techn"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ologically"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " it"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " has"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " advanced"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " generation"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " through"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " future"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " tools"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " may"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " offer"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " enhanced"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " user"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " interfaces"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " However"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " scalability"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " challenge"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " that"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " be"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " addressed"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " by"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " platforms"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " like"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Ar"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "dor"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Cloud"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " In"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " terms"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " adapt"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ability"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " democrat"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "izing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " changing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " developer"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " roles"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " growth"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " contributions"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " also"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " fost"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " innovation"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " knowledge"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " sharing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Overall"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " while"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " challenges"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " such"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " as"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " quality"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " security"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " maintaining"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " core"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " programming"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " skills"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " need"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " be"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " addressed"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " has"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " potential"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " res"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "hape"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " landscape"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "###"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " References"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ":"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Evolution"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Adoption"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Challenges"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Future"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Trends"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ard"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "or"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ".cloud"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/blog"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-ev"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "olution"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-ad"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "option"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-ch"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "all"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "enges"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-f"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "uture"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "Built"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Vib"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "es"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ":"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " A"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " First"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "Hand"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Account"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " ..."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "www"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ".n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "uc"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "amp"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ".co"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/blog"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-built"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ib"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "es"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-first"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "hand"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "account"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-de"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "velopment"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Revolution"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ":"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " How"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " A"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "esthetics"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Are"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Res"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "h"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "aping"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " ..."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "medium"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "included"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-re"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "volution"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-how"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "esthetics"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ai"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-are"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "resh"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "aping"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-how"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-we"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-build"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "7"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "9"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "4"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "d"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "###"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Images"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "!["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " diagram"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " highlights"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " emerging"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " trends"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " machine"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " learning"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "d"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "atas"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ci"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "enced"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ojo"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/wp"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-content"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/uploads"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "emerg"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-A"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "I"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-m"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "achine"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-learning"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-tr"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ends"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "x"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ".png"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "!["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " diagram"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " outlines"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " key"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " areas"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " within"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Artificial"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Intelligence"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Technology"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " Landscape"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "pub"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ".md"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "pi"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-res"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/app"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ls"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ci"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/app"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ls"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ci"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "7"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "8"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/article"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "_de"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ploy"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/html"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/images"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/app"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ls"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ci"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "7"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "8"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-g"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ".png"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "?"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "8"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "9"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "7"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "!["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "Ill"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ustr"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ates"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " different"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " aspects"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " inquiries"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " related"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " projects"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "bug"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "f"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ender"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/wp"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-content"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/uploads"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "9"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/S"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "creenshot"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "_"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "9"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "7"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "_at"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "_"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "8"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "_P"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "M"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ".png"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "!["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "A"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " person"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " robot"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " related"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " scenario"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "www"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ".web"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "fx"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/wp"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-content"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/uploads"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "_v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "_c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "4"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "x"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "4"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ".png"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "!["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "Log"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "os"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " representing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": " ecosystem"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "qu"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ik"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "site"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/wp"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-content"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/uploads"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "9"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "Open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-S"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ource"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-In"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "iti"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "ative"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "-M"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": "embers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ".png"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-aeaa893b-a7ab-48ab-8ec3-8c99de661311", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "stop"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "#"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " How"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Helps"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "##"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Key"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Points"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " significantly"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " boosts"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " efficiency"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " by"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " autom"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ating"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " tasks"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " enabling"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " rapid"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " prot"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "otyping"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " projects"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " seeing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " up"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "%"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " faster"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " completion"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " times"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " It"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " enhances"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " collaboration"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " as"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " non"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " technical"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " stakeholders"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " contribute"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " using"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " natural"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " language"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Agile"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " teams"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " report"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "4"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "%"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " slashed"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " sprint"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " completion"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " times"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " democrat"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "izes"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " lowering"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " entry"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " barriers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " attracting"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " wider"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " range"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " contributors"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " while"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " also"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " improving"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " quality"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " through"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " clear"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " prompts"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " automated"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " testing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " In"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " terms"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " engagement"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " it"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " helps"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " attract"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " new"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " contributors"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " retain"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " existing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " ones"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " ("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " companies"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " seeing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "%"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " better"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " retention"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " rates"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "),"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " fost"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " an"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " inclusive"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " environment"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Techn"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ologically"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " it"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " advances"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " generation"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " may"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " offer"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " enhanced"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " user"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " interfaces"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " future"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " though"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " scalability"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " challenges"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " exist"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " be"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " addressed"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " by"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " platforms"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " like"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Ar"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "dor"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Cloud"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "##"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Overview"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " an"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " emerging"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " approach"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " that"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " has"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " shown"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " great"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " potential"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " benefit"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " By"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " leveraging"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " it"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " transforms"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " way"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " written"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " tested"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " collaborated"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " In"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " an"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " context"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " where"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " engagement"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " quality"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " speed"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " are"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " crucial"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " offer"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " solutions"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " long"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " standing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " challenges"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " up"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " new"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " opportunities"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " innovation"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "##"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Detailed"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Analysis"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "###"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Impact"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Efficiency"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " autom"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ates"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " repetitive"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " tasks"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " allows"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " quick"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " generation"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Start"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ups"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " build"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " MV"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "Ps"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " fewer"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " resources"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " projects"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " achieve"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " up"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "%"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " faster"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " completion"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " times"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " It"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " also"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " enables"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " rapid"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " prot"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "otyping"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " which"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " essential"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " agile"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " environments"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "!["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Visual"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "www"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".web"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "fx"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/wp"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-content"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/uploads"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "_v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "_c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "4"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "x"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "4"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".png"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "###"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Collaboration"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Enhancement"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "Non"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " technical"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " stakeholders"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " contribute"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " by"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " providing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " natural"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " language"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " instructions"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " This"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " bridges"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " gap"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " between"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " technical"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " non"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " technical"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " teams"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Agile"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " teams"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " using"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " report"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "4"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "%"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " reduction"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " sprint"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " completion"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " times"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " while"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " maintaining"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " quality"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "!["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "Two"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " people"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " collaborating"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " front"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " computer"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " screen"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "www"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".sh"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ake"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "bugs"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/wp"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-content"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/uploads"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "What"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-coll"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "abor"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ative"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "7"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "8"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "x"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "4"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".png"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "###"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Quality"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Improvement"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "Using"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " clear"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " prompts"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " improves"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " accuracy"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " generated"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " reducing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " debugging"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " time"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Automated"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " testing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " frameworks"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " be"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " implemented"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " ensure"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " reliability"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " detect"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " errors"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " early"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "!["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "Character"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "istics"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Good"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Quality"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "www"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".s"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "im"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "form"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/wp"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-content"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/uploads"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "9"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "characteristics"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-good"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-quality"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".png"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "###"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Engagement"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "Att"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "racting"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " New"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Cont"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ributors"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " reduces"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " barriers"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " allowing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " more"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " people"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " participate"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " projects"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "Ret"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "aining"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Existing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Cont"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ributors"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Companies"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " implementing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " have"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "%"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " better"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " retention"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " rates"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " which"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " could"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " translate"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " better"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " retention"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " communities"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "F"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ost"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ering"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " an"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " In"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "clusive"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Environment"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Tools"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " associated"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " like"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Re"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "plit"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " have"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " rich"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " collaboration"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " environment"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " suitable"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " work"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "!["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "A"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " cheerful"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " group"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " diverse"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " individuals"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "github"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".github"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "assets"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/images"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/modules"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/site"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "guide"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".png"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "###"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Long"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Term"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Future"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Ori"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ented"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Contributions"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "Techn"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ological"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Advance"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ments"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " uses"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " code"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " generation"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " shifting"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " programmer"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "'s"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " role"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Future"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " tools"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " may"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " have"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " enhanced"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " user"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " interfaces"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " including"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " VR"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "AR"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " bi"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ometric"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " feedback"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "!["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " diagram"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " highlights"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " emerging"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " trends"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " machine"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " learning"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "d"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "atas"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ci"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "enced"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ojo"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/wp"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-content"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/uploads"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "emerg"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-A"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "I"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-m"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "achine"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-learning"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-tr"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ends"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "x"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".png"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "Sc"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "al"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ability"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " While"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " generated"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " prototypes"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " work"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " well"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " simple"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " projects"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " scalability"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " be"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " an"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " issue"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Platform"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "s"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " like"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Ar"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "dor"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Cloud"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " offer"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " solutions"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " for"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " full"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " lifecycle"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " management"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " demand"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " scaling"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "Adapt"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ability"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Emerging"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Trends"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " democrat"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "izes"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " changing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " developer"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " roles"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " new"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " positions"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " like"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " “"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Prompt"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Engineer"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "”"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " emerging"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "Community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " D"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "riven"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Contributions"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "**:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " contributions"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " vibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " are"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " expanding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " promoting"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " shared"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " learning"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " innovation"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "##"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Key"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Cit"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ations"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Best"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Practices"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Implement"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Your"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Work"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "flow"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "z"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "encoder"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ai"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/blog"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-best"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-p"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ract"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ices"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Rise"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ":"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " How"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Changing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "www"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".index"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".dev"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/blog"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ai"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-de"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "velopment"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "What"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "?"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " A"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Comprehensive"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Exploration"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " King"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "y"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "king"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "y"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ai"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/blog"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "what"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "prehensive"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-ex"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "pl"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "oration"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/)"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ":"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " New"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Trend"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Taking"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Over"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "www"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".linkedin"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/p"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ulse"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-new"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-tr"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "end"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-taking"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-over"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-k"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ale"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ab"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-y"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "il"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ma"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-w"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "i"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "uj"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Trends"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " You"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Can"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "'t"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Ignore"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Bob"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Hutch"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ins"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "bob"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "h"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "utch"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ins"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".m"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ed"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ium"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-tr"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ends"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-you"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ignore"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "0"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "e"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "9"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "f"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "5"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "7"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "8"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "4"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "F"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ost"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ering"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Culture"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ":"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Increase"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Innovation"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Deliver"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " ..."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " -"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Intel"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "www"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".int"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "el"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/content"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/www"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/us"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/en"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "developer"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/articles"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "community"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/f"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ost"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ering"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-open"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-source"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ulture"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".html"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ":"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Evolution"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Adoption"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ","}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Challenges"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Future"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Trends"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ard"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "or"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".cloud"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/blog"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-ev"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "olution"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-ad"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "option"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-ch"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "all"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "enges"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-f"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "uture"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "Built"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Vib"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "es"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ":"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " A"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " First"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "Hand"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Account"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Development"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " ..."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "www"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "uc"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "amp"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".co"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/blog"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-built"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ib"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "es"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-first"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "hand"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "account"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-de"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "velopment"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " ["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " V"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Coding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Revolution"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ":"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " How"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " A"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "esthetics"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " AI"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Are"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " Res"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "h"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "aping"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": " ..."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "://"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "medium"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "included"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "/the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-v"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ibe"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "oding"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-re"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "volution"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-how"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "esthetics"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "ai"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-are"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "resh"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "aping"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-how"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-we"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-build"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "software"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "7"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "9"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "4"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "c"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "d"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": "6"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "content": ")"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "WBz9-nvt6t3jTVMqUbOqh", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-7919cc1c-1f1d-4b40-8a4c-eb03ad0db519", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "stop"}
